has bed bugs..... ewwwww!
and mosquito bites
Mondays are the new thursdays- anthony bourdain + *PROPNAME*  = forgetting your financial troubles
is annoyed with herself
is not turning on her cell at the moment, or for the next few days- dont take it personally.
Is trying to figure out everything.....
wants no more friend or exboyfriend drama drama
is out for the count
Its the little things in life- fresh flowers, katie ion, netflix instant movies
is bummed the instant movie didnt pull through
wants to go to paris. anyone care to accompany me?
one minute at a time
Loves avoiding burning a whole in her pocket. Lesportsac purses and DVD overload.
really hates California's economy right now
I lost.....my ex is in a relationship before me
Is having a great day so far, thanks to santa paula noon meetings. and my mom.
is *PROPNAME*'s bestbian
misses the ability to drive
Mi familia de la cuidad de mexico esta aqui! Necesito que practicar mi espanol.
Is wearing red lipstick, watching movies, hot boys, and her mother screech at the family dog..... "random" doesnt even begin to describe this scene
anthony bourdain bliss
Turbo tax tried charging me $140 dollars to process my taxes. my mom did it for free. fuck you turbo tax and thanks mom for saving the day.
is on her way up north to face her judgement
Target is my savior- sandals, dresses and shirts, oh my!
is slightly smitten with the phoenix family. its weird, i know.
is hoping to finally get a break tomorrow!
rhinanna is just getting crazier and crazier. or more stupid.
feels like a bum without legs
Having a job again is weird, but welcome.
is 3 years to go
s electronics are giving out.
is celebrating her 90th day with dieting and work whahooo! not.
is in love with her new black peacoat. Who else is pumped it's fall?
is sick in an way she's never been physically sick before. feels like a hangover mixed with the flu mixed with weakness and nausea
hates the business that is the United States' healthcare system
thinks Rhianna's Italian Vogue photoshoot is in bad taste and inappropriate. yuck.
is excited for NBC thursdays- especially excited for community
is in love with *PROPNAME*.
"La Vie En Rose"- there are no words. Absolutely brilliant, honest, and beautiful movie.
is flashing lights kanye style
i got a break! a $3000 healthcare break! whoooooo
is actually going to see someone besides my mother on my day off. No offense mom. U r fabulous but im turning into a 13-year-old not-out-of-the-closet-yet gay man by the amount of time i spend with you.
ARGGGGGGGGGGGGG!!!!!!!
true blood is getting me in the halloween spirit. damn, bill is hot.
michael scott dancing in the booze cruise episode is really entertaining to me right now.
the office, cleaning, and hanging con mi madre are my drugs of choice this evening
RIP Prague nights Fall semester 2007
needs a hot hair cut. anyone know where i can get a fierce one for under 50 in vc?
wants to know when she became a single 35-year-old lady. Tonight I visited a dating site and watched "accidentally on purpose" and felt for the characters. seriously?!
is ready for her day off
life is looking up
is excited to kick it old school with an old friend in a new place
why does netflix need me to have at least 6 dvds in my queue? i think 5 is quite enough, thank you gluttonous 'merica.
is rediscovering her love for bjork
money, teeth cleaning, g-ma's, bus, top secret errand, target, rodarte dress for $40(!!!), some warm and comfy- themed xmas shopping, spending time with mom, coffee, sephora.com, the office, stepping outside and forgetting how cold it gets without proper coverage- productive and selfindulgent bliss. not a bad day off.
wants to find a way to san fran after the new year
is in love. With *PROPNAME*.
is going to start using disposable cameras again- she agrees with stephanie that the anticipation of not knowing what will show up is very missed
thank you to everyone who sent me fb love and made my birthday more special than i could ever have imagined. im sooooooo lucky to have so many great souls in my life.
is very excite for today and this weekend.
its a beautiful fall day in southern california.
s g-ma is the coolest
wishes she was moving on up in the world. but at least she has ja'mie to get her through it.
Today is my 2 month birthday!
intervention- heroine and xanax and crack- oh my.
is having a bad day. not even target, shoes, nor a good guacamole carls jr. burger could bring me up.
summer heights high. ja'mie, jonah, and mr. g. im hooked on chris lilley.
Um, amy poehler is rocking my world right now. seriously, the bad date rant was HYSTERICAL. tivo that shit. and by that shit, i mean parks and recreation.
Ten Movies to Watch Right Now (and some you can Instant Netflix) 1. La Vie En Rose 2. Shrink (if you love LA) 3. Paris Je'taime (if you love Paris) 3. Clay Pidgeons (*PROPNAME* is priceless) 4. Quills 5. Away We Go 6. Sunshine Cleaning 7. A League of Their Own 8. Smart People (I Heart *PROPNAME*'s Page and SJP) 9. Frost//Nixon 10. Doubt
is stuck on Band-Aid brand, cuz Band-Aid's stuck on me!
Just going to grab some raw fish................
saw HP6... funny, lots of awesome awkward silences, but the scriptwriter needs to have his fingers broken. Not only did they achieve new and improved levels of editing important plot elements out, but they are getting increasingly more creative with the n
Need to re-learn my patterns again... awesome...
FREE SLURPEE DAY!!!
has GOT to stop waking up at 1pm...
is not feeling exactly top-notch...
will have too many notifications at the next log in...
First day of school done! finances are going to be the end of me...
is tired and for some reason is looking forward to classes starting...
2 months of hell yet again... FML
got to play with fire in front of a crowd... YAY!!!
is in love with Ren Fest...
3 DAYS!!!!!!!!!!!!!
What a great day!!!
loves the Pirate English version of Facebook!!!
has a choice...
2 DAYS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ren Fest with rain - Still good!!!
kindly thanks everyone who wished him a happy birthday!
finance class :(
GETS TO SLEEP TONIGHT!!!!!!!!!
3 HOURS LEFT!!!!!!!!!!
As much as I like our family's mechanic, I really wish we'd stop giving him so much business... :(
is dying!!! HEEEEELPPPPP!!!!!
Saturday was easily one of the best days of my entire LIFE!!!
feeling slightly better...
I've done it - i procrastinated enough by playing Bejeweled Blitz to cause it to go offline. MLIA
is potentially going to be pulling an all-nighter. feel free to txt to keep me entertained//awake...
:))))))))
finally caught up on sleep :D now off to rake more leaves and then lose sleep yet again while studying accounting - call me if ur bored, i'll be up late...
ATTENTION EVERYONE!!! Vote for the short "AFTER HOURS" to support *PROPNAME* - our local Michigan talent and a wonderful person. Repost please!!! http:////www.thirteen.org//sites//reel13//category//vote//
is looking forward to eating his body weight tomorrow :)
Yesterday after school, I got bored and decided to go into the backyard and play with my slingshot. I didn't have any ammo, so I just used peanuts and shot them at trees. I decided to shoot at one really far away. Out of nowhere, a squirrel leaped out of a tree, intercepted the peanut, landed on another tree, ate the peanut, gave me what looked like a thumbs-up, and ran away. Ninja squirrel, you amaze me. MLIA.
would love to sleep, but *PROPNAME* writes too damn well!!!
is rather looking forward to the holidays because of his potential whereabouts during that...
gets overly excited when pressing the wrong buttons on the keyboard causes the discovery of a new shortcut :)
considers himself to be one of the luckiest men EVER!!! ^_^
WOW!!! I just spent 20 minutes reading just this one strip... http:////xkcd.com//657//
can't handle reading any more crap about Barbies and other competing brand dolls!!! This is ridiculous - the only thing making me feel a little more manly is the beer in my hand...
acquired 6 brothers and sisters today...
4 school days left until winter break!!! YAY!!!
will probably be up all night - feel free to txt or chat...
LMAO: (512): you kept spraying the cat with water and then telling it to "man up" when it cried
listening to some VERY odd combinations of music and blames the late hour for it...
wishes it was December 17th sooner :(
cannot wait to pass out - too bad that's not gonna happen til friday night...
gonna be at the library til late, then at the Prez's house even later. txt or facebook if need anything - call if being killed...
well.... expected returns are like "oh, it's just you..." but unexpected returns are like "WHOA!!!"
can't believe how much food and beverages were consumed last night...
SNOW!!!
stupid people are stupid and Beverly Hills Police is at it's best as usual... ( *PROPNAME* needs to call me!!!)
EPIC:  Today while walking on campus I saw three people riding a motorized couch.  Random?  MLIA.
is excited for relaxing a little bit tonight :)
got home today. Up north was GREAT!!!
can't wait til thursday... <3
Happy New Year, Facebook denizens!!!
apparently the mysterious "*PROPNAME*", who allegedly works for my company decided to order more stuff for me from some office supply company. I'm supposed to get 4 more packages tomorrow... hmmmm.... i almost have enough to build an epic fort!!!
MLIG!!!
can't wait til thursday again... <3
being fancy is fun...
OMG!!! THE SUN IS TOOOO LOUD!!!!!!!!
second half of the day got snowed in - gonna take a nap and then be productive :)
just had the most amazing weekend: 3rd Dan test went well, everyone passed with flying colors. Valentine's day was spent well in the company of the best girlfriend in the world - *PROPNAME*. What more could I ask for? p.s. Thank you to everyone who could make it out to Novi to watch me test or to celebrate at the banquet afterward - it really means a lot to me.
just had the most amazing weekend: 3rd Dan test went well, everyone passed with flying colors. Valentine's day was spent well in the company of the best girlfriend in the world - *PROPNAME*. What more could I ask for?
Back from vacation and tired
Its a good night for fishing.
Damn close game on Monday. My Dolphins almost pulled it off!
It was a close one! But a W is a W, GO DOLPHINS!
Sick as shit.
HAPPY VETERANS DAY!!! Thank a veteran dammit!
How about thems steelers?
Done with Finals
Passed the PRAXIS
Nicel little test for *PROPNAME*!! Way to show them *PROPNAME* how to play PRO football!!
had a great day at church...
so not a day for work... good thing I'm working nights this week... :D
transformers watched....
is living life one day at a time
just watched an episode of locked up abroad... dont take your freedom for granted people... its a blessing...
is going to die to self
is happy for his gf. Congrats babe, I knew you could do it!!
In contemplation mode...
Jesus said to love others as you love yourself... So FIRST you have to love yourself!!
is trying to fight it off
is doing to die to self...
had a great weekend with her... we have to do that again babe...
is kinda having a rough morning... but its looking up...
is worn and battle weary... but i refuse to give up...
Today is another day. You dont get better by making a right choice once. You get better by making the right choice... everyday... over and over again...
is learning... constantly
first time in a long time... I feel like writing...
is at an interesting stage in his life...
is sick.
is...
is etching closer to becoming stir crazy..
is back home... sleepy but cant sleep just yet...
needs to tie up loose ends...
is going to sleep... soon
has had an interesting start to saturday
is transitioning
had a great night
is going to spend some time with her...
has tied up one loose end... feels lighter already
is still patiently waiting for 9
bye fb
is sick
After a slight rebuild... Betsy 2.0 lives to surf the net again!!
Merry Christmas people!!!
feels loved and appreciated...
had a wonderful night with family and friends... the night cap was wonderful though... WEEEEE!! I got my shirt!!!
is celebrating with her...
Celebrating 1 year...
is smiling
There can be no complaints from the Arsenal fans about today's results... wunna get wash off...
fie! Time, Inc. has blocked gchat... does this mean I have to be productive now?
is in search of the perfect margarita... :)
I was sitting at LaGuardia, wondering why my flight was delayed, and then I saw on the TV that there had been a bomb threat and evacuation earlier today... lucky meeee
do i have to take out my nose ring and join the corporate world?
just spent the last hour looking at photos from junior abroad in london, and is dying to go back
hmmm i better not fail my pass//fail...
is struggling :( :( :( :( :(
ewww 33" of snow... apparently the most at one time since 1969!
LAW SCHOOL IS TOO HARD!
thanks everyone, but i decided to get younger this year... :)
is at work! >.<
hopes that transformers isn't sold out!
is going to the mellow mushroom after work at 8.
must be insane for starting a twitter account
Hates *PROPNAME* for starting her on this damn farm town app.  You all must stert playing now and give me gifts! And mafia wars too. FML I'm a loser.
la la la la!
Hello, to high and dry.
is in the Bluff!
loves the gorilla face!
This is my face Covered in freckles With the occasional spot and some veins This is my body Covered in skin And not all of it you can see And, this, is my mind It goes over and over The same old lines And, this, is my brain It's torturous analytical thoug
*PROPNAME* comes back tonight!!! YAAAAAYYYY!!!!!!
is ready for school to start back... summer sucks when you aren't actually on vacation
realizes that she has friends on Facebook that she doesn't remember how she met... is that wrong? Discuss:
is reading Master and Fool, the convoluted finally to The Book of Words trillogy, in between playing stupid facebook apps... Such a Nerd. >.<
is creating a LinkedIn account, as if she didn't already have too many networking accounts to keep track of!
I, I'm thinking it's a sign That the freckles in our eyes Are mirror images, and when we kiss They're perfectly aligned And I have to speculate That God himself did make Us into corresponding shapes Like puzzle pieces from the clay
is at work... yay.
thinks she will keep this as her profile pic until those tan lines fade, if that ever happens.
is stressed... but has great tickets for the game! row 1 baby! Woot!
got a jersy from *PROPNAME*, a clean car from her mother, and a free portfolio from her sister! Not too shabby for the unexciting 22nd birthday. :D Thank you everyone!
dealing with crazy people all day... A&A ppl: don't forget the lecture tonight! Not sure what it is about though... :P
>.<
absolutely hates AutoCAD.  Why am I still in architecture?
Come on UT: We need a touchdown!
is blah blah blah....but... TGIF!!! Happy weekend everyone!!!
GODDAMNIT!!!! FUCK YOU LINCOLN!!! Kick HIGHER! And the guy took off his helmit! We should have had a re-kick! What BS is this? AAAARRRRG!!!!!!
I just realized that the song "All I wanna do is make love to you" by Heart is about a woman picking up a stranger and seducing him in order to get a child... Wha?
GAAAARRRG!!!
would like to bash her head against a concrete wall.
will be in knoxville for break. >.<'
a;lkdhoarjenfpreoijn
will post some Halloween pictures... eventually.
has come to the realization that I hate Architecture. Hate it. Integrations is the worst experience ever. I'll be happy passing with a C.
hopes to have her drawings finished in exactly one week from now... let's see how THAT works out...
...?
is inactive.
is upset.  *PROPNAME* ditched our appointment I made, after I waited in the office for about an hour, and now I'll probably never get to talk to her.  I wish she'd actually do her job in stead of taking 5 hour lunch breaks then leaving early.... Bitch.
is hungry.
needs to suck it up.
Due to a lack of anyone being interested in my life updates, I will write here and delude myself that someone wiill read it later and actually care...  Got a new phone yesterday: a Palm treo.  Had to pay $30 a mo extra to use it, but now I'll be able to use the interwebz while in White Bluff.  30 dollars is a fair price to put on cabin fever prevention. Maybe I should Tweet this too. :P
*PROPNAME* made it up to me today... after I waited for her for a half hour past our appointment time. Sheesh. But *PROPNAME* was awesome enough to let me have some hot chocolate :)
is in Knoxilla for a few days. Trying to get this Germany thing settled. Still. Garg!
just got skype. name: ljacocke
On her way to NOLA!
Studying is cramping my style...
Everyone should listen to Funhouse...best record I've heard in a long time!
Wishing the lovely *PROPNAME* a Happy Birthday!
Will be working for OCB two months from now! I cannot wait!
Cannot believe the court is allowing the press to publish photos of MJ's kids....
moving back to NOLA on the first...so little time
Wishing all of her friend the best of luck on the Louisian Bar Exam!
The Law Graduates Prayer: God...if it's not too much to ask... May I pass the bar?
Excited to see *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* tonight, run *PROPNAME*, and see the weight fall off my butt!
At Rue
Counting down the days till NOLA!
Had an awesome fourth of July
5 days, until I leave Waco FOREVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Finally going to get the car washed tomorrow!
Scared of PC III and the bar...
hopin and prayin
Cannot believe it is Wednesday already!
Never getting gas before work again...
Hoping to get out of her driveway.
Cannot wait to see *PROPNAME* today!
It's a hershey's day
WHO 'DAT!
Takes home more from her monthly salary then she realized!
GE = finally recovering...thank you jesus!
working
Gettin ready for tommorrow!
Getting her Bar application together...yes, it's that time of year again!
is going on a deposition, my first real one with OCB!
Most disgusting statistic I've ever heard: AVG NYC Model = 5'10, 110lbs....
Stuyding for the MPRE!
is a busy bee
Had a great time seeing everyone at OCB today!
Excited to see that every stock in her portfolio outperformed market expectations!
Torture= watching *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* stock the pantry 15 minutes after I decide to get serious about this diet...
icky feeling = gone. Back to prancing through the office with a smile, and my usual excessive energy//need for adventure!
a very happy girl!
Rain is ruining my plans...
best boss's lunch ever!
phone = dead; chat with me here
Apparently applied to law school at Depaul today...at least that's what they tell me...
Only 9 more pounds... why won't they go away?
In our personal and professional lives, we are constantly hit with one adversity after the other, most of which we have no control over. But the four things we have total control over is how we react, how we adapt, how we breathe and how we take action.
The only people who are more entertaining then rappers are wannabe rappers. (See *PROPNAME*)
***Attention-Houston area ANIMAL LOVERS! Montgomery County Animal Shelter is closing tomorrow. You can adopt for free tomorrow between 12-4. They will be euthanizing all animals without a home!!! Go & save a life!! 30 cats and 80 dogs left. Please re-post.***
Is looking to join junior league of New Orleans, anybody know who to contact?
Thanking everyone for all the birthday love. Now, how 'bout them saints!? I am in need of a place//people to watch with tonight... any takers?
Exact words when renewing DL: Me: Oh no, you can't take my license, It's my 25th b-day. How am I going to get into the bar? DMV: We gonna give you a new one over there Me: But, it won't have my picture and stuff on it.  Dmv:  Hold up, we can take a picture of your picture and put it on a license i think. (yelling at co-worker to see if this can be done) Yup! Me: So, I can go to the bar?! Dmv: (sigh) Yeah girl!
is believing the best in others, because the Dove candy wrapper says so, betch!
Anyone know a good place for me to kennel my dog for thanksgiving// willing to dogsit?
Congratulations to all of my friends, especially *PROPNAME*, who passed the Lousiana bar, and for those of you who didn't, I'll be taking Barbri this february...so we can study together like old times!
Thanksgiving!
Rather enjoying her last day as a 24 year old
Enjoying this beautiful Sunday in Audubon park!
Swearing in!
Studying for the bar, please pray for me
bar...
Cheese fries!
Happy Thanksgiving!
Getting ready for NYC
Happy New Year!
Studying for the bar, less then 1 month!
Must find time to go XMAS Shopping...ahhh!
white
Apt = clean.  Now, coffee and Barbri!
Q: Will *PROPNAME* be going to Miami to watch the saints win the superbowl?  A: No, No she will not, she will be parked in her room studying for the bar exam...who's idea was it to move the test up two weeks?  hmmm....hmmmm... fml :(
Seems to be attracting incompetence today...
Going to *PROPNAME* to take down the LA bar and hoping she doesn't become a bad statistic!
Who 'dat!
Geaux Saints!
"we never forget the truth, we only get better at lying to ourselves"
is going into a morphine-induced slumber
is bargin it up north!
broke her forearm, dislocated and sheared her elbow, fractured 3 ribs and lacerated her spleen jumping off a ledge into the san lorenzo river on friday. She'll be on the 2nd floor in dominican hospital rm 2210 until tuesday if anyone wants to keep her com
is so excited to finally get out of the hospital tomorrow!
finally has some legit painkillers, hopefully my metal arm stops hurting soon! for now, i think i'm gonna watch the entire series of Entourage since I still have two days of bed rest. *PROPNAME* can help me back to health anyday ;)
so i dont have to keep typing this evrytime sum1 asks... slipped during a cliff jump, didnt clear the rocks below. sheared the ball joint in my left elbow, dislocated it (compound fracture), compound fracture in my forearm, 3 fractured ribs and lacerated 
is getting much better :D
has a new perspective. Its crazy how close I came to dying on friday.... I'm very happy to be out of the hospital and at my parent's house again. Come visit me! I'm on bed rest 'till Sunday and then only low activity for the next 3 months
woke up in a lot of pain and then hit the morphine button like 6 times... pain's not totally gone but at least its subsided a little
is bored in santa cruz...
s spleen is healing nicely but she still can't feel her fingertips on her left hand. she also wishes the nurses' assistants weren't so incompetent... one helped me to the toilet this morning then left and never came back to help me back into bed (which i
just got the most amazing rainbow tutu and leggings!
is so sick of this hospital and not being able to do things on her own
now takes the storke exit into IV instead of the los carneros exit... weird
is in isla vista without a phone
is gettin ready for Reggae!
mmm... strawberry rhubarb cobbler... mmmm
the heart is a wilderness with beauty and emptiness that you endure 'cause you never can be sure
Commercial narrator: "we're all searching for it. Most of us don't even know what we're looking for. But we all feel it, that unexplainable emptiness that can only be filled by one thing." Then they pan to the stars and the answer appears. Scientology. ri
That is a problem. That is not trusting the nowness properly that what is the actual experience now possesses a lot of powerful things. It is so powerful that we can't face it. Therefore, we have to borrow from the past and invite the future all the time. Maybe that's why we seek religion. Maybe that's why we march in the street. Maybe that's why we complain to society. Maybe that's why we vote for the presidents.
can't sleep because the dog  keeps barking at something in the yard and its kinda freakin me out
rediscovered an old journal and some old poetry of hers and is spending the day pondering who she is and who her real friends are                            ....... bed rest has given me A LOT of time to think lol *<:~)
I find it interesting that I cannot reply to comments on *PROPNAME*'s page without entering my phone number. A neighbor of mine received threatening calls from a conservative group after voicing her opinion at a rally. How they got her number I do not know but I wonder if the same would have happened to me if I entered my number... Scary stuff
"we have to continually be jumping off cliffs and developing our wings on the way down" -*PROPNAME*.
which mustache?!?!
is missing Isla Vista hardcore tonight :( I need an adventure...
is getting everything to work out despite the drastic change in plans
is going to the city tonight even though she's broken! ooo and my cousin drew a pretty pink cupcake on my cast :D
got burned by steak grease and has blisters on her leg :(   I'm just tryin to ignore it but I think the chef owes me a serious sesh (*cough* *PROPNAME* *cough*cough*) hahaha
I think we're walking step in step, But you don't speak your mind. I think I see it in your eyes, but maybe its just a reflection of mine.
Is packing up old baggage, mailing it away to Timbuktu and starting a new day :)
"see, when you forgive your imperfections, and you've auctioned all your clothes, and you look to see your true reflection, you will be the one who loves you the most" -*PROPNAME* "The One Who Loves You the Most"
is getting on her longboard for the first time in 3 months :D !!!!! Now it's time to go around Isla Vista collecting flowers for my new apartment :)
is stoked for West Beach today!!! Too bad its not sunnier... didn't someone tell Santa Barbara its still summer?
both of the towns I live in have been on fire an lot recently :(
is regaining her colors and fitting into her skin again :D
is repairing her very broken math skills one equation at a time
"all we have is hope and love, so don't you worry child, so don't you worry 'bout a thing in the night, for those can lift us up so we can rise, so we can rise above the madness" -*PROPNAME*
is headin downtown for some live music on this lovely sunday afternoon :)
is so stoked to see *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* at the Hollywood Bowl with her lady tonight!!!
is preparing for five days of awesomeness. Hurray for Geo18!
is cuddleing with *PROPNAME*, the cutest puppy EVER!
is living on cloud nine... aka in the Montecito Hills. the house I moved into is insanely beautiful and best of all... its free!!!
has a LONG day in the field tomorrow and then is escaping Isla Vista for the weekend :D
LOVES her Field Fridays and BEER HOUR! Thanks *PROPNAME* for being such a great Beer Czar
is spending her day off watching Dexter instead of being productive like she should be...
is thankful for her quite patio to watch the meteor shower from tonight :) anyone want to join me?
"all we have is hope and love, so don't you worry child, so don't you worry 'bout a thing in the night, for those can life us up so we can rise, so we can rise above the madness" -*PROPNAME*
is anyone home in this ghost town?
is about to go for a thankgiving hike with her family :)
is thankful for a warm fire, good wine and her ladies :D
downtown or international party? hmmm decisions decisions... one thing's for sure, no more studying for tonight :D
can't believe she's leaving the lodge in the morning after two years.... its the end of an era :( *PROPNAME* I love you forever!!!
how can I be expected to work when there is so much fun puddle jumping to be done?
A simple smile can change a day, an understanding look can say "I know exactly how you feel." But we have learned to build our walls, so very strong and very tall, for fear of what the world might steal
had a really stressful day at work but got a $45 tip :) Thank you Microsoft
just finished her last quarter at UCSB. Crazy.
is very happy with her grades and even happier that she didn't spend more time than needed on school this quarter!
come with me, come with me, we'll travel to infinity
folk and tribal arts festival at the museum of natural history, gonna go find some gifts and watch some bellydancing :)
is exhausted but so ready to see her ladies tomorrow!
just got back from the reel rock film show and officially views *PROPNAME* as the biggest badass EVER
is applying for the Peace Corps//Master's International in Civil Engineering!
you don't need no reason nor a three peice suit to argue the truth
is overwhelmed by data... and this is supposed to be a quick, easy lab? I barely even know where to start... my lack of experience is kicking my ass :(
finally got her computer back in shape! Open office, utorrent and skype; now I can actually make use of my computer again!
roast + wine + family + south park = a very happy *PROPNAME*
will not be going on the fall 2009 semester at sea voyage. Doctor's orders. I have never been so devastated in my entire life...
snow snow snow SNOW!!!!!! HERE I COME!!!!
got distracted in Borders for over three hours today... why did they have to put the rhyming dictionary next to the science section? All I wanted was the dictionary but I ended up reading about things from string theory to the genetic destiny of the y-chromosome (apparently men are on the slow but certain path towards extinction...) for most of the afternoon
finished her stats paper and bought her ticket for BRETT DENNEN on the 12th! The world is wonderful again :)  Now I am off to work for the next 8 hours... not so wonderful but oh well
is waging a vendetta against UCSB parking services!
Does anyone have malarone (anti-malaria med) that they don't need?
is overwHelmed with excitement
is headin to the doctor yet again but then Reggae in the Redwoods tonight at the Brookdale Lodge :D
is gettin' on the road, feelin' fine. I'll be back in Isla Vista in no time!
had a great time at the Devil Makes Three new years and now its time to pack for Semester at Sea!!!!
Is in Hawaii, yay!
is in Hawaii yay! No more phone after this... email at arsherrin@semesteratsea.net
received early acceptance to Michigan Tech in Civil Engineering!!!!!!!!!!!!  Now its time for my peace corps application! Get ready world, 'cause here I come!
is in San Diego, boarding the MV explorer tomorrow morning! If you want to follow my voyage, I'm keeping a blog at    http:////sherrinthelove.blogspot.com//
I am once, I am twice, I am the whole, I'm just a slice.
has finished cleaning the kitchen! That's the second one this week!
FINISHED!! :D
has 1 essay left to write! and one to read through and amend where necessary! Then it is all gedonen!
really can't be bothered with his last essay...
thinks the Indians might be taking the humble food fight a little too seriously... http:////news.bbc.co.uk//1//hi//world//south_asia//8119591.stm
is excited about going to Sark! as, whilst he hasn't worked out exactly how long he has to wait, he knows he will be going soon!
has just been stung by a bee and is in great discomfort
"twist it, shake it, shake it, shake it, shake it, baby.."
IS WORKING AWAY LIKE A WORKER ANT (PROVERBS 30:24-25) AND HAS THE CAPS LOCK ON!
is regretting eating so much chocolate as he is feeling a tad ill...
is missing *PROPNAME*
used every piece of loo roll from one roll (obviously not in one sitting) for the first time ever!
has finished
just went on a 4 mile run and even though he walked a very little bit of it he is very pleased with himself!
Whoops... bought myself everything I needed for a cooked breakfast tomorrow morning but accidently ate it for lunch... :s
had a cooked breakfast this morning! mmm!
is making soup!
is alive!
knows that a burning smell isn't the best sign of good cooking and is thus going to turn the heat down
is happy because he saw a lot of friends from Stafford on Saturday night and made a big bonfire!
thinks it is very cold to go out in shorts and t-shirt but is going running anyway!
The Soup: The Verdict Type: Vegetable Appearance: Fantastic Texture: Good Taste: Poor Overall: Edible but not pleasant Summary: This is a great soup for looking at, it is full of colour, healthy vegetables and creaminess! If you are not hungry make this soup and you will feel good! However, if eating is your thing, this soup should be avoided. I have soup left for 3 meals - any takers? Only p&p to pay! Enjoy!
found that you can tell roughly where you are on the canal by the accents of the people who say hello!
has just attended his first parish council meeting!
regrets that he might have to dispose of his pumpkin (*PROPNAME*) as he is becoming a little furry and wonders if giving him a quick shave might do the job
is now a graduate
has a huge pile of washing!
Why doesn't social interview ask me any questions... I feel very left out. :(
hasn't been outside yet today but is now going to post a letter to one lucky recipient!
Is it just me or does anyone else feel in the mood for an ABBA sing along session?
is missing Katie
realised at around 5 last night that he had nothing to offer to trick-or-treaters so he made toffee... but then nobody came.
is soon to become a member of the con club!! Whoop!
no longer has a huge pile of washing
doesn't know where anyone is!
What a busy morning! We had a plumber, the cleaner a dog walker and the gardener all around all at same time!
is wondering how much tiffin cake he needs to eat to get one of his five a day fruit portions
thinks 3D glasses make the world a little bit more fun!
Last night I went to a conference where the police were asking us to pray for them. Lets pray for the police and our communities. God moves when his people pray.
apologises if he appears to be shouting or talking very loudly to people at the moment. He's getting used to talking to someone who is hard of hearing but keeps forgetting to talk normally to other people.
wants to know if anyone has borrowed an elf costume off him
is talking to *PROPNAME* :D
is off to practice being a shepherd
has been put on hold but is enjoying (dancing to) the music! :D
is moving yet more wood!
Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay Snooooooooooooooow!
may have just slipped over on the ice but thinks he got away with it by making it look like he was break dancing...
is heading home for Christmas!
may have eaten a few too many sweets today...
is fighting to make it to the table football semis
finds it highly amusing that we are currently bringing the milk inside to warm it up in the fridge!
is about to start wrapping Christmas presents!
is no longer talking to *PROPNAME* - but not in a bad way. Just because it is impractical and expensive to talk on the phone continuously and because we both needed to do things.
why are my clothes disappearing!!!! =(
ewwwww! grossssssssssssss leave me aloneee. disgustingg.
had a great time yesterday! it was nice seeing everyone <33
is in Italyyyyy
has a lot of bug bites in Italy =(
has period cramps. =(
is coming back to America sooon =)
hahaaaahahahahahaaaahahahahahahahhhaahhahahahahahahahhahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahhahaha.
shame on me. raetjgliajgtjajgaijglajweglkjajga
needs a big hug
changed her status. happpy?
ewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww!!!!
METEOR SHOWER TONIGHT! FML!!!!!!!!!
happy birthday *PROPNAME*! Mommy loves you veryyyy much<3
Boys are like buses, miss one, next one coming!
im getting pimples! whyyyyyyyy =(
i just got home from school and my flies were unzipp the whole time. oops?
i'm going to break my record!!!!!!!!!!!
I sometimes think that some *PROPNAME* bikers are just ASKING to get hit by my car!
i can't motherfucking fall asleep.
who does that motherfucker think he is!!! ajkjsgksjgewl
gloomy cold weather today. I kinda like it. :)
before this quarter ends, i will definitely not break my record...ahahahhaha Just for YOU *PROPNAME*.
omg. SHOOT ME.
so my fortune cookie told me "You and your wife will be happy in your life together" MY WIFE? I always thought I'd be married to a guy? FML!
mmmm beeen feeling quite happpy =))))
last night was. LOL.
SO ugly and tired looking from finalsss, but I'm DONEEE =)
You are the fucking BEST. =)
sold back my school books for $138.75! =)
the weather is SOOO AWESOME!
i hate phillip shing bing long bong shalong ma!
sooo many sidedishes like korean food.
a Lion will never cheat on his wife, only a Tiger Wood. LOL.
every KISS begins with a "K" every UGLY begins with a "U"
nothing gives you a better night sleep than nyquil =)
Who needs Twitter when you have Facebook?
New Guitar Hero = Freeeeeeeeebiiiiiiiiiird!
4 publications in 10 years, yo I can divide// That's one every let's say two, two of them shits was due// One was - NAHHH, the other was in the Journal of Mathematics// That's a one hot publication every ten year average// And that's so - LAAAAAAAME!
BET Awards tonight at 8
My personality spans, too numerous  A gentleman, intelligent, athletic, a thug and I'm humorous
*PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, and *PROPNAME*: 3 great men doing great things in 2009.
Can Obama will the US to victory over Brazil Sunday?
Ok, who wants to go to LA with me Tuesday for the MJ memorial service?
After 3 tracks of Illmatic in the car today, my grandma turns to me and says "Turn off this noise and put on Michael Jackson!"  Priceless
lamborghini murcielago
Off to Cornell for a week of probability.
Goodbye *PROPNAME*.
Im serious, I have an extra ticket for the MJ funeral.  Who wants to go?
Take me to a place without no name
Does anyone know where I can find the firefighter's test from the *PROPNAME* case that is causing *PROPNAME* so much consternation.
Forget fireworks, I want to see the *PROPNAME* funeral.
Im sort of half expecting MJ to come dancing out of the hospital singing Thriller
Off to Orlando for the weekend
BET Awards Sunday at 8.  I will not forget this year.
loves hiding uninteresting people on his newsfeed.
"Im going to University of Maryland, but I spent the summer at HARVARD." ~ Adweeb
Flight delayed 2 hrs , but Orlando Intl Airport has free wireless!
Off to see whats left of the Beach Boys (I go white one day a year)
Get around round round I get around Still down with the Underground When I come around
time to swim
Going surfing with *PROPNAME*
"Why is America like Michael Jackson?  Both achieved their peaks with a moonwalk performed decades ago" ~ *PROPNAME*
Today at the gym I saw on TV that Michael Jackson was dead.  I was so shook up I couldn't keep working out.  Also, I will do anything to skip dumbell lifts.  They really suck.
Ready for Summerfest!
*PROPNAME* was not as cool as I thought he would be.
15
It's all about control and if you can take it.
One is apt to overestimate beauty when it is rare ~ *PROPNAME*
could only gaze on *PROPNAME* from afar today at Disney World:(
Off to Chi-town for some Information Theory
It is time to return to Hogwart
There are too many imitation *PROPNAME*'s on Facebook.
I wanna do bad things to you...
Only engineer to rewrite history without a pen// No RFID on my Mac, let the story begin....begin...begin
Nothin's equivalent to a New York state of mind.
Back in Boston finally.
*PROPNAME* wrote that "pure democracy" doesn't work because "there is nothing to check... an obnoxious individual." Then, in the margins, he doodled a picture of *PROPNAME* the Plumber.
I will show you *PROPNAME*'s birth certificate when you show me *PROPNAME*'s high school diploma.
This year for Eid I want to see my Muslim president on all the morning talk shows at once.
Just got the new *PROPNAME* album!
Ok change of plans again, and back to Gekko.
An evening with Gorden Gecko.
In LA
Actually most people on Twitter are old Republicans who don't know how to use Facebook or who are morally opposed to "poking" strangers.
Cant a man enjoy his Nobel Peace Prize for a day?  Just for a DAY!?
Headache
*PROPNAME*
Change of plans: an evening with *PROPNAME* instead.
And now it is time for the Yankees to break the curse of bin Laden.
is hooked on Katamari
Arab money ready to go
And finally, thanks to capitalism, the curse of bin Laden is broken.  GO YANKEES!  Now let's rebuild those towers and get out of Afghanistan.
In 2 years went from *PROPNAME* to *PROPNAME*...
is going to learn Japanese.
Ugggh, why did I eat those donuts?  Never again!
will not be compromised by some puny prodigal pathetic pitiful pusillanimous putrid punk from Bangladesh
Jay-Z in a tux at the American Music Awards... Priceless
Happy Eidsgiving
"I don't have to explain anything to you solecistic amoebas" ~ *PROPNAME*
Shippin off to Vancouver
Happy Birthday 40th Jay-Z!
will boycott any sponsor pulling their Tiger Woods advertising.  Gillette, Gatorade, you've been put on notice.
*PROPNAME* is going to NY for her next concert on Nov. 22nd
*PROPNAME* makes me wanna be a Republican.
RIP *PROPNAME*
Tomorrow, we snowboard.
has just finished watching the Wire, and it was awesome.
Senator *PROPNAME* reminds me of Senator *PROPNAME*, but considerably more treacherous.
In KABUUUUUUUUUUL! Desert city bringin down empires There's nothin we can do  Now we're in KABUUUUUUUUUUUUL! The streets will make you feel so screwed No hope cuz we're all doomed Let's here it for KABUL, KABUL, KABUUUUUUUL!
We got 60!
*PROPNAME* is coming back to the WWE
*PROPNAME* is gorges.
Forgive me for what I am about to do tonight.
I need the wisdom of a wise Latina.
Hot 97 is finally streaming online.  Sweet.
Me, I'm doin business and no one ain't ever seen us//  If Jay-Z payin' *PROPNAME*, Im payin *PROPNAME*
Greed, for lack of a better word, is gy.
will NOT under any circumstances attend a Spring Weekend concert headlined by Dashboard Confessional.
Do it for *PROPNAME*...
Congratulations *PROPNAME* on your new baby!
reading the Holy Klor'an
We got your back Harry "Healthcare" Reid
just bought some 1500 thread sheets
is in a Bangla State of Mind
*PROPNAME* should have thanked *PROPNAME* in her Grammy speech
Hot: *PROPNAME* is an awesome TA.
Will someone PLEASE explain to me why everyone thinks *PROPNAME* is so awesome?  I mean if you put *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, or *PROPNAME* on all of my songs, they would sound just as good, if not better.
I have 6 cliques in my Facebook network.
Just sewed on my first button.
Dunk contest was lame this year.  Everything the Knicks touch dies.
screw work and making yet another trip to social services to reapply for food stamps.  I just want to write :(
At last, award goes to *PROPNAME* for succeeding in getting me adequately smashed to incite vomiting (unless it was the bibim bap...)
take on me.
had about 15 billion dreams last night and remembers all of them. Nice work, hippocampus :)
apparently, cotton-top tamarins like alien music.
me: so he had cerebral palsy?  *PROPNAME*: yeah, you could tell because his hand was all doodly-doo.
life's a sexually transmitted disease.
never despair, but if you do, work in despair. writing
As long as people are still having premarital sex with many anonymous partners while at the same time experimenting with mind-expanding drugs in a consequence-free environment, I'll be sound as a pound!
thinks your Osama looks like a dirty wizard
okay... going to try some techniques to facilitate lucid dreaming
the gods are angry today
is alive
is back.. with 21 pages of Fabulous notes to transcribe
ugh, must finish this book by Christmas, as it is surely the only meaningful thing I've done with my life thus far.
hump day!
is going to be productive when she's finished being lazy
was quite productive today :) Time for Irish car bombs.
the sky is falling
is floating around... 20 lightyears above the equatorial symmetry plane and about 28,000 lightyears from the galactic center of a large, spiral-shaped conglomeration of at least 200 billion stars.
the pigman would give YOU a ride if he had a car
I don't mean to be obnoxious, but maybe it would help if I saw more of you.
is being fabulous in California
is feeling pretty peppy, thanks to my buddy caffeine
loves these new, extra-antisocial headphones that create a symphony orchestra inside her brain
is not like other humans sometimes
is putting all her eggs in one basket, counting her chickens before they are hatched, and pausing to inspect the angle and shape of a gift horse's incisors.
aquarium date night?  ooh la la
sometimes when life sucks, you gotta get yourself a lollipop and suck back.
come on, scratch my back. It'll be a funky adventure.
loses every time.
the real trouble with reality is that there's no background music
haha.. I kick ass at dirty scrabble
is going to try working out drunk.
riding my bike in the fall makes me happy.
had 3 different dreams of being stalked by big cats last night. what's the symbolic meaning there?
today was a highly venomous day... 4 timber rattlers & 3 copperheads.
attempting to leave my body for a bit.
*PROPNAME* to her brother: why do you have a skull? *PROPNAME*: yeah, I have a skull.  It's from upstairs.
is headed for Boston to be with her lovers... *PROPNAME* & *PROPNAME* are happy :D
likes the feeling of wasabi high in her nasal passages
And you run and you run to catch up with the sun but it's sinking.               Racing around to come up behind you again.               The sun is the same in a relative way but you're older.               Shorter of breath and one day closer to death.
writing stabilizes me in this dimension :)
applying for grad school... sucks balls.
loves crazy people. (almost as much as coffee).
is about 65% oxygen, 18% carbon, 10% hydrogen, 3% nitrogen, 1.5% calcium, 1% phosphorus, 0.35% potassium, 0.25% sulfur, 0.15% sodium, 0.05% magnesium, and 0.70% copper, zinc, iron, and caffeine.
nothing like watching monkeys have sex on a biweekly basis
enjoys teasing barred owls.
if FSU were a guinea pig, it would be *PROPNAME*. No offense, *PROPNAME*.
is worried that academics have no real meaning in their lives.
I am he as you are he as you are me and we are all together.
run *PROPNAME*, run! (the loggers are coming)
guess what? fo yo birfday, instead of diamonds or flowers or any kindza real gift, you get my penis!
life is like a box of chocolates... too much marshmallow and not enough nuts.
I just realized I have the perfect brother... he is just so wonderful in every way, AND he is a musician! How lucky am I? BUT... he doesn't make his moves in Scrabble ;)
at long last, resuming my love affair with my favorite sexy serial killer :D
is smoking a cigar to get warm.
well.. my old shaver turned that shower scene into an Alfred Hitchcock film...
thinks imperfections are lovely.
dreams of faraway places basically all the time now...
just saw FOUR timber rattlesnakes!! Thanks, *PROPNAME*! :) And I am SO much better at finding them than *PROPNAME*.
ahhhhh... restless.
can I just observe crows?
got to hold a woodcock this weekend! Sweet like bee saliva :)
headed to bed with my centipede.
he said, "no money.  But, on your deathbed, you will receive total consciousness." So I have that going for me.
day of phone dates with trappers & furbearer biologists... ooh baby!
it was hot! it was hot.
*PROPNAME*:   This is a deliberate insult against me and my people. *PROPNAME*. *PROPNAME*: Who the fuck are his people?  *PROPNAME*:   I don't know... little scientists, I guess.
come on, somebody tell me how everyone's getting these symbols on Fb. this is just too much.  Hey guess what else? 199 pages.  Got-to-crank-out-one-more...
is designing a lovely tattoo... yes, I realize I have a stack of papers to grade. Coffee break soon.
appreciates this special time of year when you're a misfit if you don't dress & behave like a freak :)
the universe is a symphony and the laws of physics are harmonies of a superstring. How beautiful.
hmm.. if I were a fly, I'd be dreaming about devil's tongue. Nite, all
is about to fall out of her bed, out of her clothes, and into the Niiiiiiiiiight Kitchen.
ah, nothing in the world is as beautiful as fresh music.
just broke 200 pages :)
"Life is miraculous; even when it's disastrous, it's still incredible. I'm fascinated with everything; life is fascinating. I'm fascinated by trees and dogs, but no one wants to hear me talk about it." -*PROPNAME*
attempting these writing samples, a.k.a., trying to balance on that fine line between  creative nonfiction & academic journal article... tricky business.
needs to learn how to be diurnal & studious.
when life gives you fall apples, eat them.
some painters work with oils, some with acrylics.  *PROPNAME* & I work with dumps.
likes windows. They are very appealing to wandering minds.
where oh where are my headphones... I'm completely lost without them :(
I dare you to touch a slug.
once there was a way to get back home.
my fortune cookie tonight didn't even have a fortune...  :(
hot tamales & Easter peeps & bunnies; *PROPNAME* & I gots significant data! :) I guess monkeys DO kinda like music...
accidentally rescued another animal from T&D's...
does anyone else feel 'frustration' in their lower spinal cord, or is my physiology whack?
RIP little Moon Rabbit.
if you give a moose a muffin, you'll end up in a dirty trailer with seven kids and no money.
loves coffee more than LOL Catz love cupcakes.  And unlike LOL Catz, I'm not inbred//illiterate.  I am 68% retarded, however, but that's mostly because I drool.
is expecting... but doesn't know the bunny daddy.
just experienced orthostatic hypotension. trippy.
I used to have a boyfriend with a wooden leg, but I broke it off.
Ahhhh!! what is this strange white stuff coming from the sky?!
Dad & I just took the kayaks out on the lake in a torrential downpour//thunder & lightning storm (father knows best)... no beavers, but lots of migrating black & velvet scoters :)
is a female donkey that drills for a living?
top of the mornin to ya.
is watching FEARnet with *PROPNAME*. Spook is in the air :)
saw several dead rainbows today :(
so Season 4 of Dexter started out crrrraaazy!
proof that soul-shattering, awe-inspiring things can evolve? Music.
is sipping coffee, petting a bunny, listening to music, & dicking around on Fb. How's that for multitasking? I can process chemical, acoustical, tactile, and visual stimuli simultaneously, all while actively avoiding any kind of work AND maintaining homeostasis!
shared bodily fluids with 3 people in lab today & didn't get infected ;)
I think *PROPNAME* may have attracted a tall chicken & a wolf-girl with her salmon patty trail cam bait.
when life gives you shit, grind it up, freeze-dry it, and extract the glucocorticoids.
we wanted to say you shouldn't suffer this way. We love you, Tuqqy.
growing up is weird.
was unexpectedly mesmerized by how beautiful Pennsylvania is today.
no thesis project. no hope for the future, other than a miracle.
even though yesterday's laborious morning of shoveling would appear to be in vain, I don't have to teach any labs today! Asante sana, rafiki yangu snow :)
as soon as I manage to sit down and start being productive, *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* have to start being cuter than ever and that bottle of red on the counter has to start being sexier than ever...
is thamkful she didn't get murdered last night. seriously. and of course, for her lovely fb friends. :)
lend me your ear & I'll sing you a song, but you might not be able to hear it without your ear.
is thinking... if I have a little >2 yrs left to live, why am I still in frostburg?
always gets the studliest pets.
I'm trying, ghandi.
when everything is going wrong, it helps to get ridiculous phone calls from one's two whackjob best friends & be entertained by the cutest, smartest, naughtiest bunny in the world.
s right hand is really, really cold.
wine, chocolate, & guitar = :)
is making CDs and making out with *PROPNAME*.
I will never get my Master's or get out of Frostburg :(
is in less danger of getting a lump of coal for Christmas every year, as we deplete the earth's fossil fuels.
might almost like Bridget's cinnamon, cardamom, & black pepper tea more than coffee!
Avatar makes me proud to be a biologist.
"coming up, it's Man Vs. Wild, followed by Frying Human Meat Putting on Spices and Saving it With Maggots at 9:00." Gotta love Bridget.
CABIN FEVER.
it's really amazing that a meatball can roll under a bush and eventually grow into a meatball tree.
I am the fool; the hierophant crosses me.
to think we are who we are largely because of the deactivation of Myosin Heavy Chain 16 (MYH16)... fascinating.
in a moment, something poked him in an infuriatingly private place.
hmm, can't wait to try out this "synthetic fermented egg" lure...
hey *PROPNAME*, don't make it bad. Don't eat all the houseplants, chew wires, throw temper tantrums, and break out of your cage.  All you need is love, little man.
computer's broken :( worrying about how many important files I may lose. in brighter news, walked my rabbit around the neighborhood on a leash today.
the dreams are more fun.
road trip with my boy, followed by a play date with a crazy half-Japanese girl & two ferrets.
The most beautiful experience we can have is the mysterious.  It is the fundamental emotion which stands at the cradle of true art and true science.  Whomever does not know it and can no longer wonder, no longer marvel, is as good as dead, and his eyes are dimmed. -Einstein
ravenous black holes, ripples in the space-time continuum, intersex bass taking over US rivers, expectations influencing the wine-tasting experience, the possibility of quantum memory devices... just some of my Science Daily. Truth blows fiction out of the water!
last night, I learned that my little boy (*PROPNAME*) loves wine as much as I do; hence, I will no longer be able to set my wine glasses on the ground.
hmm... has the mystery of the loud neighborhood farting noise been solved?
What's up, Cheese Apple? Your warm, cheesy, buttery, and tart deliciouness? That's what I'm talkin about ;)
has a naughty bunny.
WOW. All I can say is, I was channeling Deb as I watched that traumatic season finale.
suspects that this nightly coffee + Dexter combo isn't the best for her heart.
a third of a chicken of a bobcat?  Hmm.. yes, *PROPNAME*.
making love to my lollipop, mantis-style.
is imagining her feet buried under the cool, wet sand and being sucked toward the ocean.
is just an earthbound misfit enjoying a Starbucks double-shot espresso
little dee is your hero.
spies and other mysterious persons could track me down almost anywhere today, but they only have ~1 hour.
rediscovered how fun it is to play in 36 inches of snow :)
is gonna get some groovy coyote trail cam pics! you know you're jealous
fly in vaseline :(
mission for the day: find my car under that 8-ft mound of wintry precipitate.
note to self: do not attempt to drive 400 miles in a blizzard ever again.
to the air mattress, my noisy nighttime lover.
s entire day.. maybe even entire life.. is dependent on who wins this dominance interaction between *PROPNAME* & *PROPNAME*. Go *PROPNAME*!!! If *PROPNAME* throws this one, I will surely be in a sour mood for the rest of the week.
IS SOOOOOO EXCITED 4 THE HOLS
im going away tomoro!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is wantin 2 dye amys hair!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
cookies
hmmmmmm............ its so hot!!!! i'm DIEING!
yea merry x-mas everi1! <3 u!
little brak!!!!!!!!!!!!! yea!!!!!!!!! kenau to me.............. wierd
We'll miss u so so much *PROPNAME*!
hmph
love looks not with the eye but with the mind and therefore, is winged cupid painted blind?
close and i'll kiss u 2moro i'll miss u remember i'll always be true.......... I CANT GET THAT FRIKIN SONG OUT MY HEAD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
necesito TODOS los negativos POSIBLES de fotos... si tienen plzzzz dmenlos!!
I'm a victim of my own insides. There was a time when I wanted to know everything...It used to make me very unhappy, all that feeling. I just didn't know what to do with it. But now I've learned to make that feeling work for me. I'm full of emotion and I 
MATO a *PROPNAME*!
ENTR!!!!!!!!!! :)....
foto editing day
feria del queso en Turrialba...arooo
may you be in heaven half an hour before the devil knows your dead...
may you be in heaven half an hour before the devil know your dead...
pintando ojos...
"Hippy is an establishment label for a profound, invisible, underground, evolutionary process. For every visible hippy, barefoot, beflowered, beaded, there are a thousand invisible members of the turned-on underground. Persons whose lives are tuned in to 
amando el clima! happenstance
and so it goes...
We are drowning in information but starved for knowledge. -*PROPNAME*
dem gracias a todos los que vinieron, me ayudaron dem!!!! *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME* y *PROPNAME* gratcie por tocar  y poner todO! son exitosos...
15 minutes of fame: 18 de *PROPNAME*
By allowing all of life's colors to penetrate us, we become more integrated...
Feelings are not supposed to be logical. Dangerous is the man who has rationalized his emotions. *PROPNAME*
lunes da de trabajo....
i am a chinese hippie
It is only too true that a lot of artists are mentally ill- it's a life which, to put it mildly, makes one an outsider. I'm all right when I completely immerse myself in work, but I'll always remain half crazy. *PROPNAME*
Follow your heart, but be quiet for a while first. Ask questions, then feel the answer. Learn to trust your heart.
http:////www.youtube.com//watch?v=K3LF-cTzkWU
playitaaaa...!!! video week
The photograph should be more interesting or more beautiful than what was photographed...  ---*PROPNAME*.
thinks that no one should be afraid to go to the doctor because they can't afford it, no one should go broke because they get sick, and no one should die because they could not afford care. If you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day.
It is not because the truth is too difficult to see that we make mistakes... we make mistakes because the easiest and most comfortable course for us is to seek insight where it accords with our emotions - especially selfish ones. *PROPNAME*
Distance tests a horse's strength. Time reveals a person's character....
"Would you like me to give you a formula for success? Its quite simple, really. Double your rate of failure. You are thinking of failure as the enemy of success. But it isnt at all. You can be discouraged by failure or you can learn from it, So go ahead and make mistakes. Make all you can. Because remember thats where you will find success."  *PROPNAME*
tengo dem problemas...
Thoughts are the shadows of our feelings - always darker, emptier and simpler. -Nietzsche
whom that i know and have not seen in agesss lives in NY city???? flying in this coming saturday and shall be staying for a week!! :)
You can't always get what you want. But if you try, sometimes you'll find what you need. -Rolling Stones
Be the change you want to see in the world.
The creative is the place where no one else has ever been. You have to leave the city of your comfort and go into the wilderness of your intuition. What you'll discover will be wonderful. What you'll discover is yourself.     -*PROPNAME*
MOMA al fin... union square and such...shoe shopping...
....Soy un aprensivo, me sigue la enfermedad, soy un to vivo, soy un tipo de verdad. Soy caro cuando hay vicio, soy igual desde el principio y hasta el final es lo que tengo, es lo que hay, tengo una paja mental, que ya no s de qu va....
NY is the BEST!
MIL gratci a TODOS por las congratulations :)
To be nobody but yourself in a world which is doing its best, night and day, to make you everybody else means to fight the hardest battle which any human being can fight; and never stop fighting. ~e.e. cummings
o be nobody but yourself in a world which is doing its best, night and day, to make you everybody else means to fight the hardest battle which any human being can fight; and never stop fighting.   ~e.e. cummings
Yuppie (short for "young urban professional" or "young upwardly-mobile professional") [1] is a 1980s and early 1990s term for financially secure, upper-middle class young people in their 20s and early 30s.  [2]. Although its first usage was as a media catchphrase, it eventually became somewhat derogatory in nature.
QUIERO Nicaragua y el ghetto otra vezz!!!! sonambulear por San Juan del Sur...
A veces uno es manantial entre rocas y otras veces un rbol con las ltimas hojas. Pero hoy me siento apenas como laguna insomne con un embarcadero ya sin embarcaciones una laguna verde inmvil y paciente conforme con sus algas sus musgos y sus peces, sereno en mi confianza confiando en que una tarde te acerques y te mires, te mires al mirarme.
"Self-observation brings man to the realization of the necessity of self-change. And in observing himself a man notices that self-observation itself brings about certain changes in his inner processes. He begins to understand that self-observation is an instrument of self-change, a means of awakening. ---alguien
domingo de descanso total
No soporto al artista cuya principal motivacin sea la provocacin. Creo que los grandes provocadores lo son sin proponrselo...         -Pedro Almodovar
TALLER TRIPARTITO PRENDAS NUEVAS A LA VENTA.... vestidos, camisas y pantalones! ABIERTO DE 11am - 8pm LUNES - SABADO!
I do not fear failure. I only fear the "slowing up" of the engine inside of me which is pounding, saying, "Keep going, someone must be on top, why not you?" ---*PROPNAME*
Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyze you, they're supposed to help you discover who you are.
KAP BAMBINO YAYYYYYYY!
HOY ArTCitY TOUR pasa por CasaTripartito, nuevas prendas Tripartito+performance por la PieldeNaranjayLaQuince + EXPO CARLOS DE PAZ celebrando 15 aos de unin con *PROPNAME* Galera.... Cierre en el Bar Steinvorth!
en montevideo donde rodri que es un amor.... a ver a dani y ern.... con los umpis :)
montevideo es lo MAS!
stress-free... finally
FELIZ AOOOO TODOSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@ BUENOS AIRES: ARGENTINA :)
ltimos das en buenos aires..... jardnes, warhol, cuero, y ms carne!
When we are debating an issue, loyalty means giving me your honest opinion, whether you think I'll like it or not. Disagreement, at this stage, stimulates me. But once a decision has been made, the debate ends. From that point on, loyalty means executing the decision as if it were your own.
feliz navidad a todossss.... @ aeropuerto Lima
Disobedience, in the eyes of anyone who has read history, is man's original virtue. It is through disobedience that progress has been made, through disobedience and through rebellion. --oscar wilde
14 de marzo: GAURA MANTRA FEST: JACOB KARPIO GALERIA
...Los amorosos andan como locos  porque estn solos, solos, solos,  entregndose, dndose a cada rato,  llorando porque no salvan al amor.... -*PROPNAME* (se me haba olvidado la poesa, gracias jess)
whitney museum.... media biblioteca... maana MOMA, Union Square...
---I wanted a perfect ending. Now I've learned, the hard way, that some poems don't rhyme, and some stories don't have a clear beginning, middle, and end. Life is about not knowing, having to change, taking the moment and making the best of it, without kn
jazz is so pleasant :).... bliss
Men are like a fine wine. They all start out like grapes, and it's our job to stomp on them and keep them in the dark until they mature into something you'd like to have dinner with.  *PROPNAME* quotes
Press on- nothing can take the place of persistence. Talent will not; nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent. Genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. Education will not; the world is full of educated derelicts. Perseverance and determination alone are omnipotent. *PROPNAME*
Colors, like features, follow the changes of the emotions.
Insanity in individuals is something rare - but in groups, parties, nations and epochs, it is the rule.
....Que no te falte capacidad, para discernir el mas aca, del confuso mas alla, que es realidad aparte.....  --(bunbury)
I, not events, have the power to make me happy or unhappy today. I can choose which it shall be. Yesterday is dead, tomorrow hasn't arrived yet. I have just one day, today, and I'm going to be happy in it. -----Grouch Marx
Morality, like art, means drawing a line someplace. ---Oscar Wilde
Everything is fine until it isnt. And then you deal with it.
If one dream should fall and break into a thousand pieces, never be afraid to pick one of those pieces up and begin again. --*PROPNAME*,
insomnia... :-
had the worst surf session of my life!
just got 16 orders all at once. sick.
is beat!
drove over 250miles throughout LA!! Just for work orders today. Sick.
whats up with real estate REO agents lately?? they need to take the arrogance-stick out of their buttocks.
you down for some party bus action this friday to dive bars around the beach? let me know asap.
best week of surf, worst week for the company. dunno how to feel bout that.
taking the rest of the day off.
longest day ever and tomorrow will be worse. super!
at the beach... then work. priorities.
3 days in a row of super fun surf!!!... should prob work sometime this week.
hungry. fee me.
depression... day before 26. lame
still feeling it
off to work! lame.
had the biggest week in my company's history and its only Tuesday! yay! www.cdmpropertypreservation.com
on my way to berkeley!!!! cheese board here i come:)
off to work, then to surf.
buying my flight to hawaii... yes, that is right brian. 7 days. that translates to getting a job as a cabana boy and never coming back to the mainland.
need new clients!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
going to surf, eat no ka oi, then work.
wants the webber mini fish!!! looks so good.
happy hour = bad idea.
is moving to spain!!! no, new zealand. yay. come visit.
off to see COMPANY OF THIEVES. pumped to slay later.
still hungover!! but well worth it.
partyin HB side with tools and my friends.
back to school. on the path to becoming a Physician assistant.
cmon weekend! good shit on the way. ooo oooooo.
Cannot find episode 13 season 1 of MAD MEN!!! what the frick internet!
driving to the LBC.
afi out today. yay
Going to Laughlin???
still dont get the point of the GRE.... who made up these fn words?
frustrated and need motivation!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
surfing sloat in the AM. yay!
dexter is so money
served.
just finished glassing my broken board and im high as shit from the resin. feels wrong.
surf, then continue trying to slay the GRE.
start my new life on monday.
forgot the most important paperwork for tomorrow in LA!!! #@#!@!#R#%#!!!!
it's unpatriotic and Terrorist-embracing to do anything but praise the President like some sort of college cheerleader... Calling people unpatriotic and comparing them to Terrorists for failing to fulfill their solemn duty to praise the President on his Special Day and mindlessly support his accolades isn't clever or tough politics.  It's weak, counter-productive, unprincipled, dumb and dangerous. --*PROPNAME*.
glad i got the flu vaccination. $30 to feel like i have the flu. well spent.
sooooo spent! sleep.
actually excited to be up this early!
would be nice to get some good surf without having to drive allllll the way south; i mean it is my bday.
obama won the Nobel Peace Prize!!!! LAAAAAAAAMMMME!
need to go back to sleep!!!!!!!!!!
has an extra tiger army ticket for this weekend 10//24. $26.
is now trained in changing adult diapers, moving from gurney to bed, and bathing patients. one more step closer to my MPA!!
i dont get it. baseball is super boring.
Just bought my three nights in San Fan! *PROPNAME*.
anyone have any good vocab tricks for memorizing GRE words?!!!! or stuff they can email me?
has an extra Company of Thieves ticket for tomorrow night at the HOB. Lemme know if you want it!! $30
best surf in a while. cant stop smiling. whos going tomorrow?
cannot focus on my exam!!!!!
usc can lick my balls
have an extra Tiger Army ticket for tomorrow night in Hollywood.
T minus 5 years and ill be done with my masters... ill be old too.
anyone wanna surf in the am.... after 10???????!
bout to surf under the golden gate!... before the surf is too huge. hi erik. im sitting next to you; wanna get breakfast?
practicing patient assessment on my mom's daycare kids is more difficult than i thought. haha
The new MUSE is intense! DUcks game 2nite. yay putos.
off to san fran.
anyone know of a place where I can take a condensed organic chem class??
start "insanity" tomorrow. eek.
better ace my exam considering i missed the best day of surfing in a long ass time!!!! so mad right now.
red wings blow
whos in SF and is going out tonight?
going out for the first time in a loong time and my only chance for a long time.
iTunes is soooo bad! im going broke.
cant believe the Ducks traded Pronger! Morons.
last trauma exam tomorrow! ooo ooooo!
surf was amazing this morning. sooooooooo ready for life now.
class 8am - 5pm! snap son.
Gosh darn it!!!! I just saw a group of 5 Jehovahs witnesses outside my neighbor's house!! That means they are on the way to my house! they saw me get something from my car so they know im home; now im going to have to argue with them.
Practice question for my EMT exam "its early afternoon and the alarm sounds You are called to a scene at a railroad one of the workers is trapped between 2 cars. He is alert and tells you that as soon as the cars are moved he will die. He asks that you leave him alone with his wife and to do nothing heroic. which emotional response to death is your patient exhibiting?" ...uhhhhh how intense is that?!
just bought some rad GRE test prep supplies. Super excited.
final EMT exam and skill exam this week!!! eeeeek.
frick! my chem class is filled up already and i need it or the next two years of my life is messed up!!!!!
damnit ducks!!! WIN SOMETHING!!!
c'mon! couldnt there be a LITTLE SURF on my one day off!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Tiger Army and Bleedning Through! FriggnA
i am thankful for yams.
http:////www.hulu.com//watch//67878//the-future-of-food?c=News-and-Information
have an extra Company of Thieves ticket for next tuesday's show. who wants to go?
2-3 times overhead with occasional 18 ft.and fair to good conditions.
bored and over reading about emergency medicine... this shit can be depressing as hell!!!!
anyone have extra tickets to the rise against show?
the new dexter was bulllshit!!! cant kill rita!!! im seriously sad.
being sick is the cooolest.
going to the AFI rise against show tonight.  I have 2 extra tickets call me if you wanna buy them 714 612 0723.
freakin beat and super hungry.
God, i love the Onion.
passed the national EMT exam; off to find a JOB!!! yaaaaay for money.
mmm, just planned vegas 2009. 23 days and counting.
howard zinn's a people's history of the united states is debuts sunday night and is showing at UCLA tomorrow. Whos coming with me?
hahah wheeler hall is under siege
arrrr!!!!!!!!!!! my only day off and NO surf.
off to RISE AGAINST with gman and blade. you will find us in the parking lot drinking the sparks. you know youre jealous.
off to colorado!!!
so sick kill me now
arrrrrrrr why did they cancel TRAUMA!?
finishing two work orders today then camping tonight and surfing alllll day tomorrow! holler!
has extra tickets to KROQ almost accoustic Xmas... lemme know if u want them.
yay! just got assigned to the Emergency Department for my next rotation at HOAG. super pumped.
start my Emergency Department training tomorrow!! Oo, OOO!
packing for the move back to berkeley. so pumped for some cheeseboard.
total cost for books $310 via school website. I paid $44 for ALL of them on Amazon. How rad is that?!
finally found the chem class that i need!!! its in oakland... just enrolled and get to move back to Berkeley!!!!!!!!
wants to be rich!!!!!!!!!!!!!! filthy. c'mon lotto...
needs some surf!!
so pumped to be moving back to berk!!1 oo, ooooooo!!!
fn bored!!! hi east bay!! where are my old friends??? im hanging out with a chem book all day. and to make things worse, there are no waves anywhere... losing my mind.
has an extra ticket to the Ducks// Sharks game tonight. section203 row M... only the best seats in the house. $26!! Plus you get to sit by me.
online traffic school is exciting.
if you know anyone that works for an ambulance company in the east bay, let me know!!!
c'mon ducks! kill it! i wanna do you
scored a rad position at HOAG hospital as a Clinical Care Extender. On my way to a masters in PA science! holler.
so happy to live in a country where you pay for your education. grand idea!
first day in the ER tomorrow. intense!
on my way to berkeley... im broke need to find an EMT job asap. Sent me $$$. thanks
chemistry is like being punched in the brain.
EMT exam has got me stressssssssing!!!!! ahhhhhhhh. too much crap
can decided whether to be on the USA side or the CAN side for hockey??? leaning canada....
No, I don't want any Patriotic Panties! Stupid facebook ads
Is aparently the new Michael Jackson. The real one will be missed though.
pretty happy after a good weekend, and after getting to go to a party and see some really close PCC friends once more
I'm trying to think of what's on my mind right now
finally got behind the wheel of a vehicle today... and nearly crapped his pance!
is now a permitted driver and organ doner!
Know what sucks, when there is this one person who the first time you saw them you thought they had absolutely one of the most lovable personalities and nicest smiles ever and you try to let them know that they mean so much to you in the little time you have around them and somewhat fail to do that then you keep in touch with them nearly every week you're not around them for a year and you see them only
both times you plan to tell them that and fail each time, so you right one of the longest, heartfelt notes about them to show them the next time you're with them and when you finally find your grand chance to see them and maybe finally tell them that they've meant more to you than anyone else you've ever known you find out that they've just got into a relationship with someone else.
saw airforce one yesterday on Otis Airforce Base.
just got back from a Nickelback concert.
enjoyed doing Thriller on stage at the Oktoberfest
two times in that period,
Snow day! Woohoo! Ha this is my first status update in like three months. Umm, giggidy, giggidy, goo!
will be in SJ as of tonight! He'll be in town till Saturday morning so call him and rescue him from the boredom that is his house.
is unexplainably down :\
has one more day in San Jose before he disappears back to the otherness of Sacramento.
has been waking up obscenely early the last couple of days; is anyone up for breakfast now that I've been awake and hour and a half?
is finally home :)
is further failing at life. Why do they give me extra bureaucratic hoops when I keep proving that I fail at jumping through them ><
would like the world to know that this next week he intends to BE awesome and fix all of his problems.
loves beautiful music of every shape and size
is home and catching up on facebook :)
is leaving for Anaheim super soon!
had a fantabulous week and would like thank all his SJ friends for making that happen. It was great to see all of you. :D
Is hoping his Sunday will turn out as well as his Saturday did.
Is off to run some errands
cannot fall asleep ><
likes that it really rained last night :)
is tired, and off to bed
Classety Class class class... :\
No one should be frozen in carbonite, or be slowly digested for a thousand years in the bowels of a sarlaac, just because they couldn't pay *PROPNAME* what they owe him. If you agree, post this as your status.
a bit of relaxation and then an hour of Beethoven.
Congratulations All-hallowians, I enjoyed a wonderful concert!
needs internal motivation.
has HW for tomorrow and Wednesday that doesn't want to be done
Walk, then HW
Last day of adding... *fingers are crossed*
Home after two rehearsals back to back... whew time for some relaxation then a nice long sleep :)
English English English
another week of school!!! yay.......
Autumn Cleaning Day
thinks it's awesome that he's sitting in his room in a sweater because he left the window open during the day.
Darn you *PROPNAME*'s... my insides are very unhappy :(
Laundry almost done... it was a lovely day for a walk
Yay... beethoven is over!
hates it when people are dishonest. :\
Sleep.
Sunday wasn't quite as awesome, but it was still a good day :P
Hates that he gets home from choir at 9:30 or 10:00 and glee doesn't go up online till about 1 am ><
need some time with my brain... time for a walk
Question... does anyone actually use the poke feature on facebook anymore?
Thinks that chrome has come a long way since the first time he tried it, and has gotten fed up enough with Firefox that he's willing to give it another shot.
Has 8 invites to google wave... I'd love to try it out with anyone that has a shared class with me. Let me know if you want in!
Would like to thank everyone for the wonderful birthday wishes... It's quite pleasant to be harrassed by facebook 1 day a year ;)
blah....
*PROPNAME* just started working on his first Mozart Aria... a bit late but it'll have to do :)
Is officially a bit of a stupid-head... had this crazy notion that my idiocy might not screw me over for certain but oh well.
And every time I've held a rose, it seems I only felt the thorns
Wowza running tomorrow morning supa early
MUST WORK, but the facebook demands my time!
Transparent
thinks that it is impossible to be TOO heavenly minded. Watch. Those who are "too heavenly minded" will do the greatest good here.
A prospering tree does not eat it's own fruit. A prospering tree produces fruit that others might eat.
"knowledge without repentance will be but a torch to light your way to hell"
Hallelujah! Hallelujah! Holy! Holy! Are you Lord God almighty! Worthy is the Lamb, worthy is the Lamb that was slain! Unto you be all glory and honor and praise! May my life bring glory to your name :)
is praying hard to be just one who scatters seed on the earth.
wonders at the absolute absurdity of man's hatred...Christ summed up all the goodness we are capable of in two commands...none of us even follows just one of them.
says happy fathers day! In honor of my heavenly Father, who's never forsaken me or let me down. May you ever be praised, Dad :)
Is going completely insane with anticipation :) T-minus 24 hours til *PROPNAME*'s arrival in Nashville!
God is faithful to His word and to those to whom He has given it
An awakening? Lord awaken the sleeper. Let our eyes burst open to the rising light of Your Spirit. Let Your mercy wash us and let Your holiness mold us into the image of Your Son. Break us with fire and build us from the ashes. Come to life you dry, old b
An awakening? Lord awaken the sleeper. Let our eyes burst open to the rising light of Your Spirit. Let Your mercy wash us and let Your holiness mold us into the image of Your Son. Break us with fire and build us from the ashes. Come to life you dry, old b
Whatever good I do comes not from me. Goodness is of God, and through me He chooses to make His power known. Thank You, Lord.
is being conformed to the image of Christ. Do you want to be like Jesus? Then you must learn something...you must learn how to love someone who does not meet the conditions. It's not easy, but it's not impossible.
Lord let your glory fall as on that ancient day. Let it fall on both of them. Let your grace be made known eternally and mightily.
When paul says "I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me"...I think, "I can do nothing without You, dear Jesus, who strengthens me"
hungers and thirsts for righteousness.
Truly knows so little. Thank You, Oh Lord, that You are wise and You are mighty. Thank You, Lord, that Your grace knows no limits or bounds. I pray You're will be done here on earth as it is in heaven and that we give You glory with our lives.
is. Learning to be at peace and just be is harder than it should be ;). Lord you are. You just ARE. Teach me to be like you. Teach me to be.
will gladly boast in his weaknesses. When I am weak, then He is strong. Your might, oh Lord is endless. Please cover over me. Please cover over your beloved..Lest we  all fall in overwhelming shame under the weight of our imperfections.
let me be one who leans on his staff in the last days...broken and weak, and in that weakness let me lift my hands in honor and praise to He who saved me by His own merit. Thank You dear Father who makes His goodness known in me. May You be glorified.
is a tax collector who standing afar off would not even raise his eyes to heaven. I pray, "God, be merciful to me, a sinner."
stop regarding men. What account is he? --isaiah 2:22.. We are nothing more than a nose-full of breath. Oh man, how frail are you? Why do you expect regard? Why do I?
is a deer panting for your living water. I thirst for the living God and in my thirst I need your rest. Precious Lord, carry me for even at my strongest I lack the strength to stand on my own. Amen
Gimme your eyes for just one second. Gimme your eyes so I can see. Everything that I keep missin, gimme your love for humanity. Gimme your arms for the broken-hearted, the ones that are far beyond my reach...
Jesus. You're the lover of my soul. Jesus. I will never let you go. You've taken me from the mirey place; set my feet upon the rock, and now I know...
is excited her :D For serious, that's all i can think about
Because you, oh Lord, are He who created all things, sustains all things, and knows all things. All things came from you, are of you, and will return unto your breast from whence they came. Blessing and honor and glory to you, oh Father. This is the song of my spirit...praising its origin. You. My God.
is excited to see her :D For serious, that's all i can think about
Lord, be my portion. Christ trusted you to provide all the help He ever needed. Let me do the same.
loves being broken. It means I fought hard and didn't give up. I'll wrestle with you, oh God of Jacob, and I won't let go.
thinks its a kind of non-funny cosmic joke that if he really ever does defeat pride...he will find himself proud of his humility. :P Good call *PROPNAME*
Let me know you more deeply and truely, oh Lord. There are none who know you completely, and so I pray that YOU show me. Your ways are perfect and I want my life to sing your praise. Let me walk with love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, gentleness, and self-control. Against such things there is no law.
Dude, I'm freaking engaged! To the sweetest angel of a fiance ever! Thank you Lord for your love through this woman :D
I love *PROPNAME* 0:)
is anxiously attached. I don't know how to ask for help. And I don't know how to accept it. ---i'll drag my own intestines back to dyer, thank you very much.
"hope in a wasteland of faith; stone figures hewn down; blood flowing through ancient sewers"
I can't remember when the earth turned slowly...so i'll just wait here with the lights turned out again. I lost my place, but I can't stop this story. I'll find my way, but til then I'm only...spinning
Lord please bless our time together. Its so difficult to go so long without being with the treasure You have graced my life with. I pray that you bring her to me safely and that I pursue her well.
This will probably take a good long while to get used to :) I think I'm still in shock. Haha. I have a fiance. Wow. And not just any fiance; I am pursuing the pearl of great value :D
Everlasting, Eternal One, Zealous Conqueror, Creator, Sustainer, Almighty...how can I appeal to your highest pleasure. What can I bring to you that you do not already have? Vanity. Even to define my mission as one to bring you glory is utter foolishness. What can I lift up with these dirty hands? What can I sing with defiled lips?
is waiting on the Lord this morning
To understand how ridiculously excited I am to see my fiance, you must first win the lottery, do somersaults, run a hundred miles effortlessly, wake up to birds chirping, eat a super-yummy meal, and be addicted to oxygen...then you might get close to scratching the surface. Maybe
is examining himself. 2 Cor 13:5. Testing himself to see if he is in the faith. Work out your salvation with fear and trembling for it is God who works in you to will and to act according to His good purpose. Phillipians 2:12-13
we're goin down down in an earlier round...a loaded god complex is pointed right at us. Lord, please be God here. Please bless our hearts of love
bring on this semester :) What fun things will I learn?? Only God knows :) ..someone's always missing from this campus though.. last term without her...sigh*
is with his darling...oh what simple things many take for granted. Thank you Lord for your gift of life. Thank you Lord for *PROPNAME* :)
"I know what lies beyond this life for me is already won. No one can take away the blood that covers over my bones. Without the blood of perfect life I know I'm nothing at all."
is not with his darling anymore :( sad day(s)...Lord, be my sustanence as you always are. Especially now that much of my joy is 700 miles away from me. I love you *PROPNAME*, and I miss you!
"We are the sons of holy wrath,A shining light in the darkThe ones who walk amongst despair,No sign of fear in our hearts"
6am on a saturday is far to early to drag one's self out of bed...ugh, God thank you for this morning..even though I'd like to be sleeping it away...It really is a beautiful morning :)
What makes people happy? Apparently we really suck at knowing what makes us happy. Its a measurable, replicable scientific fact. I dunno why that strikes me funny. lol. Lord, teach us to be joyful in you.
I don't know how it all works. I don't know why. I don't know how. I just am who you made me. I have what you gave me. Let me be yours. Please take all I have as yours. Let me be holy and of you. I desire for my life to boil your vapor from my skin forever. Burn everlasting flame. Flinted face, calloused knuckles, and grinding teeth...my best. That's what you got.
"I believe the world is burning to the ground. Oh well, I guess we're gonna find out"--How far have we come, Lord? Let us make the most of the time we do have here. We waste TOO much time on so many things that don't matter. Its not worth it. Really.
life never seems to stop changing. Its crazy to think college is almost over. Wow. Lord, please guide the steps of my life as it is so formless yet traced before me.
Dude, its freaking snowing!!!!! Yay!!!! Let's play in it!
"I gotta feelin. Woohoo...that tonight's gonna be a good night" :) I like it when prayer's answered sweetly and things work out well. Thanks God :)
So much to say. So much to do. So much to be. So little time. 24 hours is already to small an amount of time. Its hard to be without you.
Does it really take cancer or death to bring us to have a heart for our family? Really? Lord, at this rate, it'll take You coming on the clouds, blowing our minds and shaking us from our complacent lives...complacent in the daily grind. Complacent in our justifiable self-pity. Complacent in our self-centeredness. It'll take You to show us how wrong we all are.
has walked a thousand miles with grace so far. I could walk like this forever...Jesus how can you be so good to me?? May you be praised in every step I take. Always
"I believe it all is coming to an end. Oh well, I guess we're gonna pretend". Ever feel like a five-year-old who is content to cover his//her eyes to feel safe and secure? If I can't see you, you can't see me..lol..I want us all to stop ignoring the important things. They won't go away if you ignore them. I promise.
neoplatonic thinking postulates "the one" is infinite and gives rise, eventually, to this world of 'becoming". Lord you were, are, and forever will be. My one. May I draw all life and thought from Your essential creativity. May I be made to be like Your form. Good.
I like where we are. here :)...except...where's my julie?????? :(((. I don't like where we are anymore...
"No demanding without understanding" --*PROPNAME*
"Ever since the day I was born i've been deciding the end..." let your light guide my way, oh Lord. You are the great shepherd.
As long as I'm alive, I'd die for you. Thank You Lord for your love and Your awakening it within me.
"All these weirdos, and me getting a little better every day...I had never known...that there might be a place for people like us"--*PROPNAME*
"Wilt thou change this world... Or wilt thou change thyself?"...can't i do both?
*PROPNAME*. The spice of life. Apparently its one of my signature strengths :). How can I help make your life more adventurous today? Thank you, Lord, for making me salt and light.
Screw you AXLE
"why art thou cast down oh my soul?" Oh yeah, because my darling isn't here. Lord, this is a high calling indeed.
Thank you, Lord, for today :) The day that three  years ago you let me start to make mine the most amazing woman ever! :) I love you *PROPNAME* :)
Happy Valentine's day everybody! And especially   to my sweet fiancee (with two "e's"), *PROPNAME* , who makes this day very very  special  for me! Hey ya'll don't take for granted that you can hold the  one you  love in your arms. I'd give both of my arms just to see my love  right  now.
Though the air is cold outside, I pray You warm our hearts with Your love.
Just updated my profile...Much has changed since college!
Scouty is going to the Doctor...
Holiday is over....crap....
So apperently the owners at my school have decided that they want to make things as complicated as possible...enter new and stupidly expensive computer program!
Happy Brithday *PROPNAME*!!  Have a stadium dog for me!
Back in the ATL, but still just as foggy...luckly work is falling into place without me even doing anything...
Getting ready for my suprize trip to MI...I wish it was under better circumstances
wow, nothing like losing to a MAC team to make me cry...I would like to thank pete for ruining the game for me as well...jurk...
I would give my left ear to be able to watch the big ten network I ordered, thanks for ruinung my game day comcast...
At home, trying to remember who I am related to and witch kids belong to witch cousin....and craving polish food.  In another devolopment, I thought I would be able to escape country music in the north, but in reality it is worse...
Even though my own sister is a blood traider....GO GREEN!!  GO ND!!!
I have a slash in my convertable top.  2 days before I leave for my beach vacation.  Someone is a serious asshole.
Breaking News: At the Atlanta Zoo, an old guy with a long white beard was caught try to lure 2 of each animal out of the exhibits.  It is also reported that he arrived in a large wooden boat...
I am glad to say that my parents arrived in Michigan safely...even if thier bags are lost...
What do *PROPNAME* and the Miami Dolphins have in common? They make 70,000 people stand up and yell "Jesus Christ"...
What is this world coming to when a complete ahole douchebag like *PROPNAME* is making an apolgy tour, but still as not called the girl to personally say I am sorry?  This is the role models for kids?  In a realted note, we will be out of the recession when the Americans who want to work can, not one moment before...I am feeling feisty today...
One of my prospective students just asked me out...is it 3 yet?  This week has been crazy...
*PROPNAME* is terrified of the half deflated mylar balloon outside of our condo, when we went for a walk she barked at it and then peed all over herself when I grabbed it to toss it out.  She is such a frady pup!
The guy next to me getting a mani//pedi tonight reminded me of someone my dad would golf with...kinda reminded me of home until he started singing along with the radio to Ace of Base, Madonna, and Cher.  It was so hard not to laugh!! So Atlanta!
I did not realize that *PROPNAME* (the guy from "to catch a predator") went to MSU, that is actually pretty cool.  He is a bad ass in a turtleneck!
Almost the weekend...only a few more short hours...I think we can make it.
What in God's name happened to cnn.com?
I fell on the way to my car this morning...I hope that is not the predictor of a bad day!
dang...is this what people feel like when the wings take it all??  Personally when the wings take it all in the cup it makes me smile, but for some reason a suprizing number of people are not red wings fans...
*PROPNAME* cant wait to dress up and go trick or treating!
I think quite possibly that MSU is one of the only teams in the Big Ten where the other team can have that many penalties and we still lose...the pizza pizza bowl is a GOAL now...and hockey is sucking a big one...when does basketball start?
Hey Atlanta: you may see my work on the evening news...Some guy was shot in the foot in our parking lot, that we share with the probation office...I have heard rumors he shot himself...
If you push print once....you only get one copy, so dont look at me like a moron when I bring you the 6 other copys from the 6 other times you pressed print...
I think that *PROPNAME* was embarassed that we were blasting the Glee soundtrack while crusing around with the top down...I can't imagine why
My mom and I were talking about all the food that reminds me of home last night, now I am a little home sick.  I love this time of year in Michigan!
I think I am going to start a Book Club with my girlfriends...any of you peaches intersted.  In my mind it will be a good excuse to sit around and drink wine and maybe talk about the book for a few minutes...
I just keep reminding myself...one week until my vacation, one week until my vacation....
NO NO NO *PROPNAME* cannot have a crush on Shoe...
How did a hobbit get on Flash Forward? That show is so crazy...
I cannot believe that I am celibrating going to the Pizza Pizza Bowl...
As much as I love Twlight (Team Taylor!), it is just me, or is it extreeme to be taking kids to see it tonight that are still in elementary school when they have school tomorrow! I guess taking kids period, with the attacks and sexual stuff....
My mouth always gets me in trouble...
Hopefully this week will not kick my butt...I don't think I can take it again
Wow...I should have watched more baseball this year...the twins are playing really well...crap...
So Glee was not so bad...here is the question, is the diva going to tell the ladies and that is how *PROPNAME* is going to find out that *PROPNAME* is the father
Rest in Peace Uga the Bulldog, the world of college mascots morns you today
Maybe it was a seisure?  She seems ok today, no weird movements, eating and drinking, and her cagemate is acting normal...I read online that strokes are common but it doesnt sound like they bounce back that quick...
Since when did you become the center of the universe?
I am dreading glee this week...
Under the cover of shameful darkness, my now former sister became a fan of Michigan football.  Because you did not go there, or any of our family for that matter...that makes you, my former sibling, a WALMART WOLVERINE...yes I went there!  We will see where your loyalties lie when you need a kidney or a piece of my liver...GO NITTANY LIONS!!
This rain has gotten me down today, that and the fact that my flat iron died...bad hair and I am cranky...At least I can look forward to Glee tonight!
Well, I didnt see that coming...
Putting together my coverletter and resume...I think I can I think I can I think I can
What doesnt kill me will make me stronger...
Day looking up, I will be able to exchange the defective flat iron!  I realized that New Moon comes out when I will be home for Thanksgiving, any body want to go see it with me?  Still looking forward to Glee...I feel a little dirty thinking that *PROPNAME* is hot
When doing your Christmas cards, take one or more and send it to this address: A Recovering American Soldier c//o *PROPNAME* Army Medical Center 6900 Georgia Avenue NW; Washington, D.C. 20307. If we pass this on, think of how many cards these wonderful special people would get. PASS THIS ON TO ALL YOUR FRIENDS. (JUST COPY AND PASTE TO YOUR WALL)
Is metal block the begining of a mini breakdown?  I feel something coming on...Everything is starting to back up on me...
now I kinda wish it was snowing...just for over night, then after I am able to enjoy it over a cup of coffee then it can vanish!
I hate to say this, but *PROPNAME* Tonight is actually pretty good...having a hard time chosing between that and *PROPNAME* Lately...
So, my tickets for Saturday's Spartan wallop of the *PROPNAME* are in the mail, I should have them tomorrow...Does anyone want to go see U2?
Let go Spartans LETS GO!
Time Mag named this decade the worst since WWII.  My only thought is, has there really been enough decades since WWII to be able to clearly desern that this one is the worst?  Granted these last ten years have really kinda sucked as far national tragity...but is there a need to call it the worst since WWII?
Today did suck...*PROPNAME* came home with 40 mega rolls of one ply toilet paper....I am going to be using prison tp until at least Easter!
Wow I am really in a funk...I had no idea *PROPNAME* was fired! I knew it was most likely going to be his last season, but I hardly ever miss stuff like that
Why are people from NeW Jersey so proud of being from New Jersey?
I was just watching "*PROPNAME* in Real Life" while I was working on my Christmas cards, and I just realized...*PROPNAME* (*PROPNAME*)  is the cop that pulls *PROPNAME* over and has his cruiser backed into.  HE IS WAY BETTER LOOKING WITHOUT THAT HAIR!
So, I got something in my eye and rubbed it and now it looks like I got punched in the face...everyone was making domestic violence jokes at the party...
Does this have to happen tonight...I have my fight club
I am in a funk today...I dont know if it is depression, maybe a lack of motivation because of depression.  This process is not for the impatient.
Thank God for facebook or everyone would have names misspelled on thier cards...
My thanksgiving utopia lasted a whole hour...new record.
It was good to get out of the house for a little while, and even better to see my girls!
Apple casserole and Herb Pork Loin smells so good!!
As of today, Facebook staff will be allowed to eat your children and pets. To turn this option off, go to settings, then privacy, then meals. Click the top two boxes to prevent the employees of Facebook from eating your beloved children and pets. Copy this to your status to warn your friends!
Today I am thankful that I am able to be in Michigan with my family.  I am also thankful for my families in Michigan and in Atlanta.  I am most thankful for everyone I love being healthy today.
So much to do before tomorrow...I am actually a little overwhelmed!
Errands...
I am not ready to get back to real life...
Watered plants, cleaned gerbil cage, did laundry, washed the dishes. Starting on packing  then off to pick up my shoes from the cobbler!
First day of Winter is not so bad in Atlanta...
Dear Baby Jesus: Please compell my boyfriend to get off his ass and pack...we are leaving tomorrow at 5 am to go home and celibrate your birth...and i really dont want to have to kill him because then I will have to drive the Mustang in the snow and rosie is in mint condition and the salt will discolor my top.  Thanks so much...
"Over the river and to the woods to Boosha's house we go!"
Baking pumpkin bread and pumkin pies and making stuffing!!
So...I never got the facination with farmville until I built my zoo...totally addicted!  If you have zooworld let me know I will send you a gift
So the guito from Jersey Shore that calls him self "The Situtation" is trying to trademerk it now...
What is going on with this bowl game?  I thought that MSU losing 20% of thier players was bad...now texas tech coach scandle?   If you were going to toss a kid in the closet...would you chose the one whose dad is on tv everynight??  Bad call dude!
SNOWING!  All of atlanta grinds to a halt for a snow flurry....SO glad I am at home!  Careful driving with the crazies out there people!
Oye, so tired...Sometimes I wish that we could spend more time enjoying and less time preparing this time of year
I am so so excited...Going to the big game...heading home...going to see my dog...I cant sleep!
Maybe going home grounded me...I feel so much better now!
feeling much better today!  So if the head coach of Texas Tech was fired, is this even going to be a fair game?  Maybe considering many of our players were stupid...
feels like Death warmed over...
Snow predicted when I go home!!  I cant wait!
Getting ready to come home for Christmas!
Well, this year has to be better then the last...
Dropping off some resumes today...I am feeling good mojo!
Well, I think he has the flu, but it is basically impossible to tell if he has the swine flu
Good Job ballers...its all up to the football team now!  GO GREEN, GO WHITE, GO STATE!
Oh no *PROPNAME* is really sick, I even made him chicken soup yesterday, and he still is running a fever!
Well, Big Ten is looking awsome in the bowls so far, the buck and the kittens gave great show...Hopefully MSU will follow suit!
*PROPNAME* is flying into Chicago tonight...I will miss that guy!
Now *PROPNAME* is sick...and realizes what a jerk he was when I was sick
And the Grinch, with his Grinch-feet ice cold in the snow, stood puzzling and puzzling, how could it be so? It came without ribbons. It came without tags. It came without packages, boxes or bags. And he puzzled and puzzled till his puzzler was sore. Then the Grinch thought of something he hadnt before. What if Christmas, he thought, doesnt come from a store. What if Christmas, perhaps, means a little bit more.
Had a great game night with the family...we should do that more often when I am home...next time with drinks!
Going to have my emmissions tested, want to just get that out of the way and today seems like a good day for it!  Also running other errands...
So now what am I suppost to do on Wensday nights?  Damn it Fox...no Glee until April?
Keep your fingers crossed that *PROPNAME* kept his germs to himself...
Three Flakes and schools are closed tomorrow?  WEAK
Apperantly the roads are bad in Atlanta...be careful out there guys!
Why is *PROPNAME*'s new hair news?
Snow advisory for Atlanta today and tomorrow...Good thing I have bead, milk and meat in the house!
In the murder mitten...it is cold!   Also HAPPY 11th BIRTHDAY MAX!  no matter how old you get you will still be a whiny pain in the ass to me puppy
I am feeling strangely homesick from thinking about my birthday...I havent had a good one since college...maybe i will just stop trying to make it special
Heading back to Atlanta...
DANG IT!!  If you are in Atlanta and need somehere to go for NYE, come to my house, I have food and drink, almost all of my guests are sick or have sick kids!
HOW DID WE MEET???? Everyone play this game! Copy and paste this phrase on your profile, you will find it amusing to remember how you met and how you know each of your friends! Before you do that answer for me. Thank you and I can't wait to hear from you!!!!!
Just another day...
Woo Hoo Friday!
Nothing like a Basketball win to lift the spirits...
Ted Nugent is a touch scary, may be an intersting choice for Michigan politics...
What makes *PROPNAME* so special!!  He is a QUITTER!  Watch out *PROPNAME*...
The devistation in Haiti is heartbreaking, I cannot imagine when they start running out of food and water, and without a sewer system that is going to be hell in that climate...I really hope there is not violence when resources are exahusted
Dang it ND!!!
I am hoping this is allergies and not a cold..
I think one of my gerbils had a stroke...Poor little guy!  After I put the food and water next to her she perked up a little, but she still is moving weird and falling over...
A Big Green and White Double Header!!  First the ballers will start out by beating up on Northwestern just like the ladies slapped around those sad Wolverines yesterday....then on to watch the MSU Football team wallop Texas Tech!!  Its a great day to BLEED GREEN!!  GO SPARTANS!!!
Why do three people that do not know eachother have "pants on the ground" in their updates?  Am I missing something?
found my Tag paperwork in the man den...Hopefully I get my tags by 2.1 if I apply now online...
I love my mom! For all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today... please copy and paste to your profile! I expect to see this many times on my page!
Well, that wasnt so bad, now I have to wait and see...
ELCOME TO THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA Press 1 for English. Press 2 to disconnect until you learn to speak English. And remember only two defining forces have ever offered to die for you, JESUS CHRIST. And the AMERICAN SOLIDER. One died for your soul, the other for your freedom. If you agree... copy and paste in your status
Thank-you everyone for your bithday wishes, they made me feel truely special
has anyone else realized that *PROPNAME* looks like "The Situation"?  I am so glad that trashy show is almost over
taking a much needed mental health day!
I just received an AARP card in the mail...not sure what to think
Watching basketball is giving me heartburn...
Lets go STATE!!  8-0 BABY!
So, I tried to sit down and pay my birthday tax today, and I cannot find the paper work...I know I have it here somewhere!
black
*PROPNAME* is going to deal with a ticket...I dont know where his checks are if I need to bail him out!
Has anyone else noticed that the dolphin with the helmet on the Miami Dolphins logo looks like it should be riding the short bus?
So Variety is reporting that the cast of Jersey Shore is coming back for a second season, making $10,000 per episode.  I guess they were making a few hundred per episode before.  That is alot of tanning, hair products, and tiny tops!
I really really hope people dont start using "post-it" as a reason for loyality.  Greys is getting stupid...
I reunited a cat with her owner today...Feels nice but I am not sure how to tell denny there was a cat in the condo....
Dishwasher repair guy coming tomorrow am, hopefully phone that works being delivered tomorrow as well.  Big day ahead!
*PROPNAME* noms as predicted...*PROPNAME* saw his furry shadow but the weather man said we are in an el nino...I am on team rodent!
It makes me sad to see *PROPNAME* all iced over...
My phone stopped working, I can call out, but the person I call cannot hear me!
The "Full House" home is on the market for 4 mil.  I wonder if being fetured in the show increased its value
Getting ready to watch the game
my facebook looks the same...am I missing something?
*PROPNAME* mixed week old coucous with new coucous, and he cannot understand why I will not eat it...
Thank you to everyone that was able to come out for my birthday dinner, and I sincerely appologize to the guys that thought that tapas bar was topless bar...
Hell Ya for a 20 minute commute!
Little Chilly!
Well here goes nothing, getting ready for my first day!
Same old Spartans...
Big Game tonight..perfect big ten record on the line...GO GREEN!
Damn it, I am old...sitting here in my snuggie watching a telathon...
here we go again...luckly I work at a school that may close for the chance of snow
Poor little Wolverines...at this rate the NIT is a goal!!  Look at your sad little glum faces...
It's DOPPELGANGER Week. Change your profile picture to someone famous you have been told you resemble (actor, singer, athlete, etc)...I have been told by multiple people that I look like *PROPNAME*.  I guess it could be worse
So my dome light will not go out when I am driving, I actually reasched the problem myself and sent *PROPNAME* out to spray the crap out of my door latches with wd40...I cannot believe I was on a forum looking up car stuff...
Well, if I dont root for the Colts I am pretty sure that *PROPNAME* will never talk to me again, and  we need him at trivia for Sports questions, so GO COLTS!
:(
Gas Station doughnut does not equal paczki, I almot cried a litle
Happy St Valentines Day!
cage match: nyquil versus summer cold. ONE NIGHT ONLY! who will be victorious?
excited for the wilco show tomorrow!
would like to thank everyone for the birthday wishes and death threats it means alot
i better pay the library 3.60 or the man is coming to my house
framed roger rabbit
great victory over the cold
is almost 26!
taking the Friday train to weekend town
survived the fair it was a good time
WILCO OR BUST YEEHAW!!1!!11
preparing for another day of boiling
is enjoying some tahoe sunshine
is off to dreamland
Tahoe, Here we come!
had a great weekend thanks to everyone who showed for the terrible t-shirt party
GI JOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOE!
the spice exists in all of us
is convinced that work causes gradually increasing brain damage to the point that at 5:00PM he is unable to form complete sentences or recognize faces.
The King of Pop is dead. :(
Lakers: Raised to the 5th Power
Happy 4th of July People!
sacrificial furniture pit out side of my house. If anyone wants a dresser, couch, or portable AC unit. Stop by the palace in petaluma
is playing real life tetris with moving boxes
MOVERAMA! part 5: Our intrepid heroes are beset on all sides by tragedy as the movers have backed the truck into a car. Will our courageous cast live to see Novato, or will their new living quarters be the Marin County Home for The Destitute and Ill-At-He
patch//paint//spackle attack
pack up the boxes, move the boxes, unpack the boxes, live out of boxes, box the boxes. BOX BOX WR#T%R$TY%RYHtg!@##$$#
as the laziest man on earth, moving makes me sad.
hide away!
loves summer evenings
after along sleepless week, I am pulling my old man card and going to bed before 12:00 on a Friday nights. Now if I can just find my dentures and cane
dinner with *PROPNAME*!
MOVERAMA! part four: My floor is my bed, my dresser is in the garage, and I have set fire to all non essentials. Now comes periods of existential dread and sheer ecstasy as my house collapses in on itself
looking forward to checking *PROPNAME* out of the the post-bar mental institution. Congrats to all you bar -takers out there!
well i am confident i got more spackle and paint on myself than the wall, but we both do look fabulous!
Dedicate yourself to the good you deserve and desire for yourself. Give yourself peace of mind. You deserve to be happy. You deserve delight. *PROPNAME*
phish at shoreline tonight
Lakers can haz championship!
The King of Pop could be dead :(
is baking cookies in his room...because it is an oven
just got his marin county library card. Let the nerdery commence!
is Sleepy McSleeperson
Compassion alone stands apart from the continuous traffic between good and evil proceeding within us. *PROPNAME*
gym=the hurt
no sleep make brain work bad.
just tested curb hopping the subaru with *PROPNAME* in SR. I laughed so hard I think I broke something
Accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together, but do so with all your heart. *PROPNAME*
Hamlet: And therefore as a stranger give it welcome. There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, Than are dreamt of in your philosophy. Hamlet Act 1, scene 5, 159167
looking forward to all the terrible t-shirts!
back at the Petaluma Palace
left his heart in san francisco and thus had a massive coronary arrest upon exiting the city
dugout bar tonight. Live it.Love it.
up in Tahoe and there is not a cloud in the sky. Its a beautiful day to be alive
oh the hazards of love
once more unto the breach...
back from magical nappy-noo land. Man did I need it.
doing the walk through with the landlord today. An epic battle of wills commences
July 4th=Extra servings of gaperade
looking forward to spamalot
is ready for a nappy-noo
MOVERAMA! Final Act: Despite devious brigands, terrifying creatures, and a run in with a band of pygmy cannibals, our loyal cast has finally arrived in the principality of Novato!
When we are no longer able to change a situation - we are challenged to change ourselves. Viktor E. Frankl
out of the mountains and into the bay
of to the dentist to get work done on the grill
purging the non-believers from the itunes library
is excited for the fair. Cotton candy, shady carnies, and rides that fall apart as you ride them
off to the mountains to visit the peeps!
To sleep: perchance to dream: ay, there's the rub;
come one come all *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* are playing britfest in Truckee. Its a guaranteed good time!
moverama round three: this time the whole world is moving, at least inside my head
getting down with the sickness  :(
the headache gremlin is back
Happy Father's Day to the Old Man and the rest of you Dad's out there!
is out of Petaluma in a month and down to novato. Camp Lotsafun is shutting down :(
is glad his room is now a little cooler than the surface of the sun
after this week The Move will finally be at an end thank you sweet Jesus
time to step out of the internet and get some sun
my brain=monday molasses
wireless card beats wireless adapter thank god for steady internetz
setting the lazyometer to 11
monday night malaise
"Hell is empty And all the devils are here" - William Shakespeare, The Tempest, 1.2
Friday I'm in love
its going to be a boiling, yet beautiful day
wistfully working
ready for nappy noo time
hanging with the parental units
monday morning why do you come on so strong?
shakespeare in the park not a bad way to spend a sunday
We must embrace pain and burn it as fuel for our journey.  ~*PROPNAME*
tis a lovely night for a stroll
razzle dazzle cafe zazzle!
I enjoy Thursdays masquerading as Fridays
portland was fun but its good to see the sun
after months of procrastinating, I am finally  watching the last season of battlestar galactica
the teeth are now in open revolt. I must make an appeal to the dentist  tomorrow to quell political unrest
insurance just checked in to see what condition my pre-existing condition was in
oh Portland, how i love thee
Today you are You, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is Youer than You.  *PROPNAME*
I fought the box and the box won :(
grumpy mcgrumperson
whiskey a go-go!
bills for my grill
We are the music-makers, And we are the dreamers of dreams *PROPNAME*
i can haz dinner?
drink em if ya got em. Its the big one today
giants game tonight
finally feeling somewhat moved in. It might be a miracle folks!
Only Robinson Crusoe had everything done by Friday.  ~Author Unknown
my body doth protest about the gym
Sol Food For Lunch!
is getting disturbed by the deer in the meadow. They seem to be edging ever closer...they can smell fear
sleepy mcsleeperson
All great deeds and all great thoughts have a ridiculous beginning. Great works are often born on a street corner or in a restaurant's revolving door. *PROPNAME*
mondaze
just got tickets to the phish show at shoreline!
the dentist man cometh at 12:00
well after being moved in for months I finally hung up some pictures.  go go lack of motivation!
grilling and good beer. A pretty awesome way to spend a saturday night
We are at the very beginning of time for the human race. It is not unreasonable that we grapple with problems. But there are tens of thousands of years in the future. Our responsibility is to do what we can, learn what we can, improve the solutions, and pass them on. *PROPNAME*
mondazed
monday morning brain is broken
i is teh tired
breaking the intarnetz
being on a diet means I have to eat such strange things as fruit and vegetables, who would have thought?
hardly strictly tomorrow may we all have fun and make it out alive
Friday afternoon catatonia
made it back from the festival. A coupla of bee stings and whiskey draught and some awesome tunes...what an awesome day
the tooth uprising has been quelled thanks to the loyalist forces of the dentist. My mouth remains a politically intact less painful region
beestings still itch like its going out of style. docta says I need a beeiotomy
The robbed that smiles, steals something from the thief.  ~William Shakespeare, Othello
the teeth are rebelling
season 3 of dexter is keeping it pretty real
yeah steelers!
nappy noo time
it was so cold this morning I am pretty sure that I hallucinated polar bears and penguins on the way to my car
trying out chrome for the first time seems pretty quick on the uptake
if the itching continues from the stings I am just going to go with amputation peg legs are in fashion
the new muse album is awesome
and with the onset of autumn comes the autumn cold. fml
boise idaho or bust
got a bronze medal for the mps run!
Boise, Idaho Day 3. French Fries are happiness deep-fried
having no bay bridge makes me sad
has won the  nobel prize for procrastination and ineptitude thank god they made some new categories this year
its a hot one folks
kind of digging the weird weather today
back in cal woo hoo!
after a crazy week of travelling finally back in ca.
looks like it is time to convert the old subaru into a rowboat. My name is Captain *PROPNAME*
Hey All The Good Old Tahoma Lodge now has a fan page. Please join to support Boyce and Kay, or to remember the good times.
the spice exists in all of us
breaking the internet
happy halloween people try not to mix the booze and the candy too much!
setting the lazy dial to 11
we could go gently into the good night, or we could have a drink and toast the coming dawn
waiting for november to get the cold weather memo
In Cal for one day then back out to see the family in Portland. Vagabonds R Us
it smells like a sulfur vent has opened underneath our building. Next comes volcanic ash and burning
kevin smith tonight!
Thor the Thunder God is knocking at my door
its opening day at *PROPNAME* Memorial Park for Cold Season! BOO! :(
beam me up scotty!
october is a packed festival month! hardly strictly this wknd, then onto treasure island in a coupla weeks!
bee stings itch
Speed is not part of the true Way of strategy. Speed implies that things seem fast or slow, according to whether or not they are in rhythm. Whatever the Way, the master of strategy does not appear fast.Of course, slowness is bad. Really skillful people never get out of time, and are always deliberate, and never appear busy.  *PROPNAME*
Not what we have But what we enjoy, constitutes our abundance. Epicurus
Boise, Idaho day 2. Where there is hope, there is potatoes
HARDLY STRICTLY OR BUST!
ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ
good times in the mountains. Now I return to do battle with the nefarious arch-villain monday
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people's thinking. Don't let the noise of other's opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow already know what you truly want to become. Everything else is secondary. Steve Jobs
my immune system is battling the cold. There is most uncivil war going on in the body. Collateral damage may be my ability to breathe and form coherent sentences
kevin smith and halloween this wknd. shaping up to be a big one
my body doth protest about ye olde basketballe yesterday. At least we gave the youngsters a good beat down.
the hour doth approach
monday night madness at work. Ask not for whom the work bell rings, it rings for *PROPNAME*
art show! Someone might mistake us  being sophisticated
sleep good. me like sleep.
cold but sunny here in the mountains
good times up in the northern reaches. Hoping everyone is still intact from Santarchy
Be content to seem what you really are. *PROPNAME*
the endorphin rush of going to the gym after three weeks of being fat and lazy is a nice change of pace
mexican standoff with monday tomorrow at 8:00AM
holiday party: This means even Santa is going to drink.
congrats to the newly weds!
going up to the halls of the mountain king to see if he has any turkey to offer. Happy Turkey day to all of you out there in the interwebs :)
everyone has their own anodyne
happy holidays everyone
doctor says i need a backiotomy from all this moving
If the children don't grow up Our bodies get bigger but our hearts get torn up We're just a million little gods causing rainstorms  Turning every good thing to rust
gypsies have carried the furniture off into the night
"We are the music makers,And we are the dreamers of dreams,Wandering by lone sea-breakers,And sitting by desolate streams;World-losers and world-forsakers,On whom the pale moon gleams:Yet we are the movers and shakersOf the world for ever, it seems." *PROPNAME*
Some people walk in the rain, others just get wet.  *PROPNAME*
I get on the road to Tahoe tomorrow to do battle with tourists, the law, and this fat elf man with reindeer that everyone keeps talking about
Most of our platitudes notwithstanding, self-deception remains the most difficult deception. The tricks that worked on others count for nothing in that very well-lit back alley where one keeps assignations with oneself: no winning smiles will do here, no prettily drawn list of good intentions. - *PROPNAME*
currently addicted to the latest Wilco album
gotta love it when they seal the floors in the building and there is no ventilation. I predict general sleepiness and permanent brain damage by noon
Hutchins Ahoy!
I wantz to see avatar in 3d
There is no need for temples, no need for complicated philosophies. My brain and my heart are my temples; my philosophy is kindness. Dalai Lama
back to work tomorrow. If I can remember where I work and what I did for work before the year ended.
Metaphysics is a restaurant where they give you a thirty thousand page menu, and no food. *PROPNAME*
this new diet has opened a whole new world of cuisine. tonight's dish prisoner-of-war stew with beans, rice, and more beans.
the tax man cometh
fighting the good fight or at least trying
monday morning= broken brain
"Beyond mountains there are mountains." - Haitian Proverb
Hell is empty and all the devils are here. Shakespeare
cheer up emo kid
So it goes.
When the student is ready, the teacher will appear. ... Buddhist Proverb
nothing like having stuff stolen out of your car to brighten your day. Go humanity!
apparently my fb account emailed a bunch of people malware. If you received a facebook email from me with a  one line response and link to a website please disregard it and delete it
and now for somethign completely different
back in the habit
Friday why do you come on so strong?
well survived the city and SFO in the pouring rain and managed to not get eaten by a sea monster all in all a good day
Good to see Tahoe kids pulling some medals. Congrats *PROPNAME*!
We're the tattooed lady, and we're never going to have a minute's peace, the rest of our lives, until everybody else is tattooed, too."   - *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*.   The world will miss you :(
is excited to pop chuckies natives cherry!
If you read this, even if we don't speak often, post a comment with a memory of you and me. It can be anything you want! When you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status and you'll be surprised at what people remember about you.
has an interview in 30...SO NERVOUS!!!
out for the day with my man
is definitely a nerd.  just freaked out on jaye because i thought we left the 3D glasses at the movie store...
was looking for a job and ended up with two...
Dear rain, I have a wonderful day of boating and friends ahead of me so please go away... Sincerely, Barb
anyone wanna join me, renee and chaz at the bar tonight?
going out with the other interns and renee?  tonight is going to be an interesting night...
things to remember while watching a scary movie.. 1. the phone line ALWAYS gets cut or cell phones get lost// broken or they never have service 2. the power ALWAYS gets turned off 3. one of the girls gets hurt and miraculously breaks an ankle// leg 4. there
a reggae band covering one of the best beatles albums?!?!  my life is now complete:)
we all threw it back forcefully to THE NATIVES tonight...love you jaye!!!
what an adventurous night...filled with the natives, crazy screaming men and a half-naked girl...what a great night!!!!!
another adventurous night with the natives...going to holland this time!!!
good bye el...until sunday!!
i want to go to the bar tonight...is that too much to ask?
i woke up with the roots stuck in my head...weird
i feel like my insides have turned into goo and are going to seep out my pores at any minute...
is starting to like her new room in the basement...
having people over tonight...call me if you wanna come over!
GOING ON AN ADVENTURE...to kalamazoo!!!  bitches are jealous!
ugh...thursday can not come fast enough
ugh...i need a job:(
finally...the inspection is over and the house looks awesome!
is pumped to see harry potter with chaz...you are the best bf ever!
had a wonderful two days on boat...
what a freaking wonderful night...in both good and bad ways!
is getting a cold...
how did i go from having nothing to do all the time to being unbelievably busy in a matter of 2 days?
party at my place.  call the cell to join...
karma is a bitch isn't it???
goodbye EL...see you tomorrow
home alone...and terribly bored:(
is completely uncomfortable....
going to see inglourious basterds with the boy...
partying at my place tonight...call me if you wanna join!!
NACHOFEST!!!!
i wish things could change...sadly i know they never will.  time to face reality.
not wearing a bra to the bar is a TERRIBLE idea...
will be at the library for the rest of life...
just realized that i will never get a break from studying// school...
so my phone decide that it isn't accepting phone calls at the moment..for now all i have is texts, ugh i hate technology
up earlier than most everyone in EL and trying to study...but chaz stole my damn RED BULL!!
awesome way to start the week...NOT
is having a competition with the man to see who can finish a word search the fastest...we are nerds
migraine...ugh
i reeeaaallllyyyy want to see taking woodstock...
bar tonight?  anyone want to join me??
i got bit by a pig yesterday and now my finger hurts...
rob zombie just disappointed me...never thought that would happen.
going out with my man to see a play!!  NACHOFEST TOMORRROW!!!!
please stop smoking cigarettes in my house...or i might kill you..
yes!!!  its almost been two long years...finally reunited and it feels so good!!
yes...got the house to myself!!!!
is off to ruperts for the night!
studying until my eyeballs fall out.  have to make up for the two weeks i missed...
facebook stalking = FALKING!!! hahaha i love you angie!
relocated to espresso royale...ugh so much to get done:(
i can't get over this hilariousness. i was listening to npr the other day and this guy was interviewing a band. the band was a bunch of science nerds that made science songs. one of their songs was called my brother the chimp or something and they talked about how they believed in evolution. guy interviewing them goes...so what was the genesis of this song. i laughed. hard. and still think its funny...the end
relocated for the last time...still studying but at home.  what a long confusing day:(
oh i am such a sucker for a nerdy guy...
i am having a hard time studying..
ONLY FIVE MORE DAYS UNTIL I GET SEE ANGIE!!!!!!
ugh...nothing productive has come out of this day...
spending my saturday the best way...at the library with ALEX!
oh mysterious man whose voice sounds like seth rogen, i fell in love with you and i didn't even see your face...
i feel like shit...
i am not one to get into the christmas cheer but damn it i want to watch a charlie brown christmas...
attempting to finish this 10 page paper...
i am stuck in battlecreek for the night...ugh i hate snow sometimes.
a porn star just asked to move into our house...
girls sitting next to me at the coffee shop are discussing STD's loudly...wonderful.
i just want today to be over already...
is very sore and very tired...
work, then to the lib with alex all night
just calculated my carbon foot print...SICK!
ALMOST DONE WITH MY SEMESTER!!
yay...i finally get to see *PROPNAME*'s lovely face and spend the holiday with the *PROPNAME*!!  Wish you were with us *PROPNAME*!!!
still attempting to finish this 10 page paper...
i just bought books and booked a flight for chaz and i to DENVER!!!
FINALLY DONE!!!
ugh...i hate landlords and i hate renting...
keep the people of haiti and their families, in your thoughts.  DONATE IF YOU CAN!!
is soo sore...but thats what happens when you fall down the stairs and bruise your entire left side:(
ahh it is so nice when i am soo productive...
THANKS FOR ALL OF THE BIRTHDAY WISHES EVERYONE!!!  I HAD A GREAT DAY!!!
needs to stop slacking...
oww...broke my pinky toe, AGAIN...
homework and babysitting all day...brought the wii to entertain my two favorite twins!!!
sledding with the kids, death trap of a wooden sled and snowball fights...gotta love michigan!
i just listened to waiting for my ruca by sublime and it made me think of *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*.  ugh, i miss you guys!
wish i wouldn't have procrastinated all weekend!!  my paper draft SUCKS...
trying to be productive at the lib with *PROPNAME*...
a bar with bright pink walls and mounted deer head...and i got a rose from elvis.  absolutely wonderful night!
haha no public speaking for me today...CLASS IS CANCELLED!
"In my days, we played soccer in the minefield."
wants rime with lum
learned Booze + high heels = Bad idea
Anyone gonna be around Chicago in mid September?
is slightly going mad...
says ..but everyone does it!
is making facebook better :D (no, not by leaving)
Need.. more.. motivations.... motivate me motivate me... rawr
has absolutely nothing to say.
Quick survey: When is the last time you used poke? this week, This month, Don't remember.
All see's became Spy's in my pirate profile yarr
12345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890123456789012345678901234567890
Merry Christmas!
and I am 21 agaiiiiinnnnn~
Happy new year everyone from the other side of the earth for real now!
10 inches of snow within 4 hours. whoa!
what happened to my 2009? where the heck did it go?
understoood how it feels when you are rearranging seats in Titanic
coming around to Newark 2//15 and planning to be around NYC for the following weekend.  Anyone? Anyone?
Happy new year :D
is going to Oslo tomorrow!
Will be in a dress rehearsal tonight in preparation for the Bstad concerts with Musica Vitae. :)
Happy Midsummer!!
Wow! That was a really spicy lunch in stersund! Time to walk it off.... ;)
just ate delicious pizza after a busy and tiring day of walking around downtown Oslo, the Viking ship museum, Norsk Folkmuseum and beautiful new Opera house with *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*.
Went to the Natural Science Museum and Imax theatre today. :)
Practicing...
Going to have a bbq tonight, and am off to Munich tomorrow. Yipee!
is getting tired of staring at her computer screen, working on a TEFL course, and needs to take a break and go to the gym.
working out, practicing, packing....
Mmmm... good food after a long day of coachings and practice.
mmm Espresso at Chocco cafe.
had a wonderful week in Southern Sweden and Olso, and is heading North to the land of the midnight sun... next stop, Trondheim.
is going to Prague tomorrow. ;)
Was caught in a downpour while going for a long and pensive walk in the forest. :(
Back in Stockholm!
going to the dentist to reverse the effects of continual coffee drinking.
looking forward to visiting Prague again on Friday to pick up my Japanese visa.
drinking hot tea with hyssop to alleviate sinus pressure from the large amounts of poplar fluff and pollen this week.
is in Canada!
is in Litomysl and loving every minute of it! ;)
off to eat some yummy sushi!
went to *PROPNAME*'s house (brother) for cedar-smoked walleye, yummy salad and potatoes, white wine and to see the International fireworks competition display-- tonight was a great presentation by China. :)
was visited several times at home by cousin *PROPNAME* and family, Aunt *PROPNAME* and Uncle *PROPNAME* and the Kidds. Besides this, I am reading books, watching movies such as "What Women Want" and trying to organize suitcases for my move to Japan on Saturday. :)
is performing tonight in the opening concert in Litomysl.
walked from S:t Eriksplan to Gamla stan (after a work-out), around Gamla stan, and back via Sodermalm//Kungsholmen. Stockholm is beautiful!!
Going to the hot springs for the HPAC opening party.
very pleased with the Konami sports club membership-- a heated pool, running track, machines, weights, free athletic classes and a spa all in one package. :)
Yoga cures nearly everything that ails.
time to catch up on sleep...goodnight!
safe and sound in Japan! :)
going on a walking tour to the castle etc. of Osaka.
walked around Takarazuka and Osaka today. :)
Happy Canadian Thanksgiving!
the weather suddenly snapped into Autumn.
Pumped from working out at Konami, but is cramming Japanese for the lesson tomorrow.
having fun drawing in solitude.
took a personality test, and it said that I'm suitable to be a "supervisor."
The first week is always the hardest, right? If so, it won't be long before I'm whipped into shape-- I went to the Konami gym 5 times this week. :)
Listening to opera, Brahms and browsing through amazon.com.
Back from the Cello//Viola dinner party! :)
Flight delayed by freezing temperatures in China, but arrived safely!
very, very sleepy.
preparing for her voyage across Eurasia... not over the pond this time. ;)
my first typhoon experience ever is coming!!
going with Eric to see Flickan som lekte med elden.
The connecting flight was delayed yet again by a couple of hours in China, but I will go to bed and sleep for as long as it takes to recover!!
Busy week with Rehearsals and 3 great concerts with Maestro *PROPNAME* and soloist *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* Violin Cto and Bruckner 7, bday party in Shinsaibashi Osaka, Konami gym, Japanese lessons, duets, Thanksgiving dinner, and soon to come: Universal Studios!
feeling the burn in my shoulders and triceps from the gym.
mmm...home-made pizza. :)
To bed early with a splitting headache and goose-egg about two inches wide at the back.
ate yummy salmon with pasta and veggies after a work-out @ Konami.
looking forward to Christmas festivities!
Merry Christmas to all, and to all a good night!
annoyed with the slow internet connection. :(
visited the Martinu museum.
Happy New Year!
Going to the gym again. :)
wishing the rain would turn to snow for Christmas!
off to buy more coffee.
off to Japanese class within the hour-- have to stop surfing the web!!
dragged herself out of bed to put out the cardboard that has been accumulating for more than 3 months! :)
Leaving for the airport and flying to Norway tomorrow!
Back from the gym, and looking forward to the New Year's party. :)
It's Doppelgnger week, in which Facebookers may change their profile pictures to someone famous their appearance has been compared to. POST TO UR PROFILE!
Alive and well and drinking a lot of coffee to kick-start the day.
coffee, music and home-made pizza.
Made it through the first day of rehearsal after a long journey! :)
excited to go to my first Japanese private lesson tomorrow.
Up early to finish reading "The Prospector," and will leave soon to practice before working.
Well rested after a week of jetlag, Taka City concert, various other rehearsals and a Yakitori party.
loving the snow. :)
Seminar went well, Kateri and I have the marks to prove it. Now food, tomorrow, house viewing. Next week, knives or swords.
is back at work on a friday night because my boss believes himself to be an IT guy and not an attorney and broke a server.
is beating people down in radford virginia this weekend. Be back monday. ^_^
@otakon.  Be back in the real world at some point in the far far future.
is getting to old to party hop. Woo that was a lot of tequila.
says it's almost time for otakon.
thinks he may have created a new unit of monetary measure.  the "Kilopeanut//Kilopeanuts"   kp//kps for short. Use: derogatory.  example: the job pays 35kps.
does anyone know a Server2008//Exchange2007//BES sysadmin looking for a job in the philadelphia area?
*PROPNAME* was going to teach me to levitate, but *PROPNAME* shot him with a Marshmellow gun.
wants it to be 5 already, seeing houses tonight.
is off to otakon once i get out of work.
has a new job. +8k gold and better healing potions.
we got the house!
just performed surgery on a lizard(Green Anole now named Tropical thunder), we bought from the pet store last night cause he looked near death.  He's doing well now, I think his leg is better, it's all about preventing complications//infections now. Pictures later. Time to go to *PROPNAME*'s Bdat picnic.
in heeding the words of wise ninja master over a beer, *PROPNAME* has created a program of self-defense for the complete n00b who has 17 left feet.  Tonight, I shall see if anyone shows up to learn it.
The lizard known as The Tropical Thunder, passed on monday night.    He perked up after the leg fix, but he was already too far gone from neglect at the pet store.
Looks like japan is drinking the Change kool-aid.
is stuck at work this fine saturday afternoon.
is going to get gothed up and head to Dracula's Ball. Project Pitchfork and Carfax Abbey tonight.
Thank Cthulhu It's frida's day. wilmington, de in the morning and then back to philly.
weeeeeee transformer explosions.
just saw a really nice house, we'll be putting a bid in asap.
scored about 65k in bejeweled blitz in one second.  That was nice.
Offer accepted on house, Woo.  Currently Making Angel Food Cake with Choc//hazelnut frosting for *PROPNAME*'s Bday picnic. Also, We bought a lizard with a bad leg to see if we could fix him any better than the pet store. Poor guy.
is now a home owner. move in is saturday.  we spent last night scrubbing the place.
is preparing for his first real vacation in over a decade where I can just sit there for a week on purpose.
ATIT! (Almost there! It's Thursday!) Reaching? Why yes I am.
Took a long time to come up with a costume, but has decided to be the mad scientist from Half Life,  crowbar included.
(Rap performed by *PROPNAME*) Darkness falls across the land The midnite hour is close at hand Creatures crawl in search of blood To terrorize y'awl's neighborhood And whosoever shall be found Without the soul for getting down Must stand and face the hounds of hell (continued below)
is tired of being sick. Death to all swine.
(continued from above) And rot inside a corpse's shell The foulest stench is in the air The funk of forty thousand years And grizzly ghouls from every tomb Are closing in to seal your doom And though you fight to stay alive Your body starts to shiver For no mere mortal can resist The evil of the thriller (Into maniacal laugh, in deep echo)
http:////www.cracked.com//blog//how-to-write-erotic-fiction//
will be hosting *PROPNAME* for a Seminar in January!  Woo!
is preparing for the move, settlement tuesday.
has made some downright amazing scallop chowder.
Ninja landscaping for the win.
TCIF!
it's Alive!  No more flu & at work.
GDIM!
Thinks whoever decided to schedule a massive apartment building fire next door to our new home at this time of day(5isham) was terribly inconsiderate, no fires until at least breakfast.  Off to hose the outside of the house after being up until 2am mortaring the downstairs.
has the flu.  i was so uninclined to move that I actually watched a football game. I made due by pondering the mechanics of impact, timing and footwork in play by play cases. Also created an under 5 yard endzone score for which there is no defense, I call it the the crane technique.
OSIT!
now has lens flare, Thanks *PROPNAME*.
needs to get a nifty book, a language version and a development environment that actually work together. I've got this Book on Python for Hacking//reverse engineering, but it's for 2.5, which is a not compatible old standard(current is 3+) and for an older version of Eclipse, which has also had a massive change in the current version and this book was published in 2009.
would like to thank everyone for the Birthday wishes.  It was a very tame, but very nice birthday.   also, I'd like to recommend Ninja Assassin, everything that is good about ninja with excellent choreography.
yay halloween party.  I have my crazy hair, lab coat & crowbar. That and my crazy jello molds and I'm all set.   (pictures later.)
has smashed his living room to bits.    19 large bags of debris so far.
Pre-Birthday Happy Hour, Tonight, O'sheas, 5:30ish to whenever.  I realize it's late notice, come if you can manage.
Raid Data Recovered completely from swapped pair that was unrecognized by nas after NAS flipped out and wiped itself 100 times.  400Gb data now safe.
approves of his raise.
Thinks this is awesome. http:////www.alternative-energy-news.info//ultra-lightweight-bendable-batteries//
anyone ever rebuild a raid array before and have tips? I've got two drives of a raid 1+0 (one from each pair i think), that need to have data recovered. Trying different recovery software at the moment (ufs recovery atm), but happy to have any advice.
has emptied his closets and clothes box from the move and is completely reorganizing everything, it looks like a clothes bomb went off in his bedroom.
Cthulhumas, Cthulhumas, Cthulhu eats your brains. Oh what fun it is to die in many horrible ways.  Cthulhumas, Cthulhumas, Cthulhu eats your brains. hey.  May you all be touched by his noodly appendage during these holy days.
is getting tired of long long nights on salary.
Happy New Years!
Holy poop on a stick, that was a long day.
Octarine!
just saw the season finale of dexter.  Holy shit.
would appreciate if his intestines would agree to parley and come to an amicable arrangment with his stomach.   They've had a war going for a few weeks now.
weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee 2010!   Welcome to the future!
is going to check our floors for the living room today and then maybe to a gentlemanly game night.
"How about a nice game of strip Global thermonuclear war?"
stomach versus intestines, round 674.
Holy shit, we're buried in under Lots of snow!  No escape.....  argh... the snow.. Oh god. a transformer just exploded..
Thank Cthulhu it's friday!
Happy New Years!
watched and heard 4" thick branchs near the top of one the Pine trees in my backyard snapping under snow weight and taking branches with it.    I saw that, said oh crap, let's go have a look, ran out, look up, realized I was under the remainder and said oh crap, let's go back in.  It's Ragnarok!  Prepare for the end!
says "Sorry Orlando but *PROPNAME* failed the Heat. He was always going to fail you."
thinks the Orlando Magic should change their name to the Orlando Joke.
My mother saw the Proposal without me so I've lost my excuse to go see it.
There's nothing less cool than being exhausted from hours of not doing a damn thing at all.
HEY! Have you heard the news? *PROPNAME* died. NO! Say it isn't so, *PROPNAME* died.
I'm trying hard not to meet you when I'm sleeping.
Let's talk about how much fun we had about fucking the world.
would you believe I forgot to enter the football lottery?
has a new medicine. It's 100 movie channels on a television.
I'll jump and kick and bite and scratch and scream until I'm blue in the face.
DYSLEXIA FOR CURE DISCOVERED.
will be at Monday Night Raw in Orlando tonight. I'll be the one promoting "Straight *PROPNAME*'s Man Slammin' Max-Out."
is getting Saddr & Weirdr.
is filling up boxes and boxes and soon I'll get in one too.
*PROPNAME* was pardoned today for having romantic ties with a white woman in 1908. Now... racism is dead.
is back to thinking about nowhere.
can't lie. He misses Gainesville, everyone in it and can't wait to get back.
Denver tried to keep me.
Net Worth: $1,000.
still has a moustahce.
I'm fucking scared of the future.
It's official. I'm boring.
is moved in at Loft Oasis and very pleased.
There is no rest for the whiny.
is going to go visit the homie locked up in the joint.
To all my friends out there, I better not have to visit any of you at a jail house. Looking at a good friend through some glass is depressing.
Do I party too much or do I not party enough?
Chia-like, I shall grow.
There's nothing to do but eat Ritz crackers and neglect school work.
has the only story that is open, baby. He only sells beer and he only sells ice cream.
Never trust a man without an embarrassing secret.
Shutter Island got pushed back to February. I'm sort of thankful because that's $8 less I have to spend this semester.
I have to eat up this week because I'm spending next week with hippies and they serve nothing but vegan food.
Flirt with disease I'm concerned with HIV Keep health and hygiene a secret from you and me See her name and life behind a scene of fiends She wants to be famous overnight but this her eulogy
Cold Chillin', Cold Chillin'
Why would anyone want to screw over the Undertaker?
If we can't do it together, then we'll do it apart.
just remembered how much he likes The Strokes.
is *PROPNAME* for the next week. If no one hears from me for awhile, start reading the Denver Post.
made it home somehow.
Can *PROPNAME* hurry up and prove me right already?
is OLD & UNPROFESSIONAL.
Read about a horror movie you'll otherwise overlook on my site page. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m10d6-Trick-r-Treat
Please... one more beer... then grow up.
If you all want a beer brewing club at UF, then wish me and my wolf pack luck tomorrow.
How many licks does it take to get to the center of your universe?
My prediction for the upcoming NFL season: Fuck *PROPNAME*.
It Might Get Loud' in my latest article. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m10d9-It-Might-Get-Loud
It's Easter! Teebow is resurrected.
I bleed articles for your wholesale. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m10d22-New-Movies-Woo
This unconformity is conformity.
Read as I get angry in my latest article. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m10d11-STOP-THIS-MAN
wants to thank you in his latest article. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m10d20-Im-So-Proud-of-You
*PROPNAME* is almost plays almost as bad as *PROPNAME*.
I'd rather steal your whiskey than your heart in conversation.
Read this and get excited for films. http:////www.examiner.com//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m10d13-Revolution
Just like I called it. *PROPNAME* put up zeros across the board today.
Read about *PROPNAME* on my site page. He's a real happening dude. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m10d16-Richard-Kidd-Man-of-1000-effects
I hope everyone else enjoys their NFL Sunday. I'll be taking the GRE.
Read about where you can see some vampires.http:////www.examiner.com//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m10d26-ALL-VAMPIRES-ALL-WEEK
just cries and cries without ever knowing why.
I went to bed at midnight last night and woke up at 5:30pm. Whoa.
*PROPNAME* is an asshole.
Getting letters of recommendation is a stress.
Wrote a quick article on *PROPNAME*. Check it out. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m11d2-Roger-Beebe
didn't know it was the forest spirit that made the plants grow.
Read about what's playing at the *PROPNAME* Union, dammit! http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m10d19-Adam
Is there anyone out there who can write me a good letter of recommendation?
comes with a dipping sauce.
Love everything about going home except the traffic.
My foot really hurts. How do I know if it is broken?
Read my review of Precious. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m11d22-Precious
Check out my review of Pirate Radio. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m11d16-Pirate-Radio
Dear Jets, Your defense ain't shit. *PROPNAME* is a cry baby who got showed up by *PROPNAME*. You can't touch Miami. Stop debating it.
saw Old Dogs...the things I do for my parents.
Back like a sequel. I take a look at the career of *PROPNAME* in honor of his visit to UF this tuesday. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m11d8-Brett-Ratner-aka-Boring-Guy
We're talking Christmas movies in my latest article. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m12d6-Best-Christmas-Movies
Bring back the double feature and find out how by reading my latest article. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m10d30-Double-Feature
My readership is down but you can bring it up by reading this personal piece I wrote for you all. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m10d28-Why-We-Go-To-Movies
Let's talk about how much fun we had when we were fucking the world.
You all are going to party at my funeral because mourning is for suckers.
The GRE has been passed. Tonight, we eat chicken wings and watch half naked men punch each other.
never realized how boring life is until I lost my cable.
didn't get fired, got laid off. didn't get fired, got laid off.
made it through 30 minutes of Cannibal Holocaust. I believe in artisitic expression and everything but damn...this is pushing it.
my status update keeps screwing up. But I will be doing comedy at 1982 tonight with other great comics. Stop on by at 9pm.
has to be at work at 7am. Wait...since when do I have a job?
What should I write about for my next article? What do you guys want to read about?
Everybody has a price.
doesn't get the point of minus grades. They're only there to make my transcript less glamorous.
is just trying to find a fb status that doesn't bother anybody.
Just when you think the yankees have enough superstars, they go and get *PROPNAME*.
loves alcohol and women.
is depressed and beautiful.
Read about my latest theater ventures. Thanks for getting me a holiday bonus, btw. http:////www.examiner.com//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m12d23-Holidays-at-the-movies
is dumb.
Whatever happened to *PROPNAME*?
You're going to want to read my latest article because this one is about Death Factory. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m12d29-Nothing-to-do-but-visit-the-Factory
2010
Someday my skill set will be wanted.
Can't wait to sleep forever.
What did I think of the movies 2009 had to offer? Read about it here. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2010m1d6-2009-Superlatives
is no longer going to just stand there. This time, I'm going to bust a move.
Some movies plan piss me off. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2010m1d13-Anger-In-Celluloid
You could die and nobody would care.
If you didn't fuck my ex-girlfriend, I would still owe you three thousand dollars.
Check out what I've got written for The Book of *PROPNAME*. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2010m1d17-The-Book-of-Eli
Another film review already? Well, it was a three day weekend. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2010m1d18-The-Imaginarium-of-Dr-Parnussus
will probably be getting drunk tonight and tomorrow night. Be ready for my text messages.
Dude, get with the program.
writes briefly on our expectations of films. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2010m1d20-DANGER-Expectations
If I wasn't such a dork than I don't think I'd have the friends that I do. I love you guys.
Thanks to everyone who came out to last night's Gator Nights show. It was a blast.
still working on getting paid to say dumb things.
Kid Rock was right. We should all just be cowboys.
has an interview with the FSU Film School on the 26th. Big things poppin'.
Performing stand up comedy thursday night and friday night. That's two chances to see me and be a real friend. Or else it's real pain for my sham friends.
You could die and we'd all really care.
My pay check is like your pay check only without all the zeros.
Doing two shows this week. Tuesday night at 9pm at 1982 and Thursday Night at 9pm at the Clarion Inn.
THOSE KANGAROOS CAN KILL YOU!
Fuck the pro bowl, going to see the Rumble Royal.
I don't want to go outside because I might have a terrible day.
As we get older every day feels longer and although I know I'll struggle I will do my best to never get tired.
For those who haven't seen it yet, I've got a new stand up video up. Thanks for all the support. http:////www.youtube.com//watch?v=4kUmPOzOU4c
ZOO TRIP!
is getting very nervous about her first day of teaching SATs, moving, and school in august....and its all converging.
My car is full of all my wordly possessions....ah the nomadic life.
No more SAT class! Whoo whoo! But I'll miss the kids, they were a good lot once you got past the fact that they were teenagers....
Hangin' with the Sadie-lady.
Listless....better snap out of it soon
Up figurin out school-ool-ool. Be back in NC this weekend.
Saw District 9. So real. So good. So stressful.
hates discussion forums. You always end up looking pompous, idiotic or both. There's no winning.
Survived her first day....
is sorry she didn't come to raleigh after telling everyone she would. But I went on a hike today and saw pretty nature-type things!
is sooooo tired of legal practice homework.
WARNING: Spring Guns and Droids
wishes the weekend was longer. Yayyyyy NC! Yay Smancy!
Must sleep, must sleep. Too excited for the weekend.
Mmm Soup.
overcast skies + homework + sore throat + boyfriend gone home = sad meagan. I'm coming to raleigh next weekend though!
Pro: I think I'm going to really like ethics. Con: I may have to rob a bank to pay for my books.
Just back from Scotland (the brave)! In Raleigh this week, hit me up.
doesn't actually condone vigilante justice...I really shouldn't skip lunch anymore...
Rainy days = warm food. Its worth it.
Law Geekitude #107: I giggle to myself every time some old English judge uses the word "mischief" in an opinion.
is just here.
hates legal writing. A lot. If I'm still awake at 3 am you'll know why.
is just hangin' out with ol' Dex. Study study study.
mmmmm...pint of Haagen-Dazs peach sorbet and no running. Doin' good today.
Might just vomit. I hate exams.
Needs job//money to support hobbies other than studying....
I'd give her a HA! And a HI-YA! And then a OUU-WA! And I'd kick her, sir. Take THAT, memo.
Going to NC tonight! Wish I was gonna make it for volleyball but if anyone is up for drinking after I just might be there....
is soaked. Umbrella broke. Good morning, dear Monday.
Has no respect for anyone that doesn't understand the danger of being hit by a line drive. (Ahhhh torts).
is surrounded by candy
Is going to do some comfort reading tonight (oh *PROPNAME* of Green Gables...) First real exam tomorrow ://
Finally, one outline completely down...only 3 to go - and a long way to go at that. Next semester will be different, really!
Relaxing after my delicious, noodly, post-exam lunch.
Sick and tired. Literally.
Mmm mmm turkey stock
Had a minor(major) breakdown when I thought one of my exams was lost... but its all good now.
Can't wait for Noon-thirty on Thursday!
can't wait to head outtt
hates noisy library-goers.
Oh to find an internship....
Wishes she was at Raleigh Undercover, so if you are in NC and not there, get out and show some charity love while hanging out with awesome people who like good music. I will be very jealous.
Is going to get off her bum and go running sometime in the next 5 minutes...I promise!
Should be doing work, but isn't (obviously). Yay dance class tonight! Shimmy shimmy shimmy....
Lord *PROPNAME* may have been a complete cad, but he could sure put pen to paper. (Still not studying as hard as I should be... can you tell?)
Law school is like The Biggest Loser...it doesn't matter how well you do, just how well you do compared to everyone else. Dun dun dun.
Monday comes too fast and too early.
*PROPNAME* on Modern Family
I don't think I have a famous person....hmmmm....okay with that though.
DC friends: Giant snowball fight//snow kickball on the mall tomorrow, 3pm. There will be other snowball fights, but I will not be at them. So you should come to this one! :)
has major, major cabin fever.
Sunshine!!!
Snow!!! http:////www.flickr.com//photos//zmeagz//sets//72157623367337792//
A storm's abrewin'! Snow is starting to stick....
Went to a surprise *PROPNAME* game yesterday (surprise for me, not for the players) and had a fantastic time.
is in love with *PROPNAME* in downtown Raleigh. And *PROPNAME*.
ive come to the conclusion that some people are really just not worth it - grow up n learn to forgive xxx
bubbles n apple 2gether again woop :D
2 sleepovers in 2 days - both amazin but am now shattered :P good times :D
oh cmo me gusta cantar y hablar espaol
Well done!! everyones done soo well so far n talk about energy :D - just 1 show left
media is kl :D
im in college yet im onb facebook - oh medias great :D
is fed up with messin with the relationship status n is goin to upload pics :D
wow y do i always seem to have massive convos over the most simplest of things lol
soy feliz :D
today was gd fun - was kl seein ppl :D
that took 4ever!
is very happy - for myself n for charlotte woop :D  p.s. cheers for the car lol :P
ppl please stop sendin messages - ur ovloadin facebook :P ahhh its gay
Not really sure y everyone was so dissapointed by the HP film - i thought it was rather gd :D
yayness - i am happy :) :)
was pretty awesome 2night guys :) - cheers n yay for cars :P
eatin out of date chicken n out of date cucumber  :S  oh dear
had fun last night - was a gd party n other stuff etc etc :P
weeekend :)
really hopin this campin thing isnt goin to be as bad as im imaginin - no msn, n minimal hygiene *hides* bye ppl see u in 3 days!
is gettin rather annoyed at her innability to concentrate n get this one piece of business work finnished grrr - is resisting goin on msn though
grrrr bloody personal statement - have spent about 4 hours on it now n still have to get rid of 3 lines - its takin just as long to delete parts as it did to write the whole thing :( :(
mi novio aprende espaol - que bonito impresionante :)
feels like sleepin all the way to monday
My party was brilliant so thanku everyne who came :) - thanx also too everyone who gave me a gift or card they are all amazing and very lovely, so cheers :) xxx
Yay for tomorrow :P
Smile :)
BYE PPL! spt has again been amaze n cant wait till next year! Especially bye to *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, n *PROPNAME* - though im sure ill see u all again at some point! Have a great holiday!!! xxxx
n now its all over :( - cant get seasons of love out my head though lol  was a pretty gd night tbh :)
wats better than a cookie?... a GIANT cookie loool mmm yum :)
muy infeliz
Feliz navidad!! xxx
Thanku sooooo much everyone for my birthday comments - im very happy :) xxxx
Ohhh theres so many gd things to look forward tooo - cant wait!   :D
abburido...
facebook is all changed - i swear it wasnt that long ago i came on here!
Wooo - i am so very happy :D
is sleepy, excited, and wondering...
is in need of sleep and clean laundry
wants someone to see My Sister's Keeper with her!!!!!!!!!
brokan lttrs hart hot ppl lif goo kim kool
is so tired...yawn
needs to catch up on sleep...
is soooo sleepy
is going to chill tonight, maybe order thai, and just relax....
is kinda confused....sigh
is listening to *PROPNAME* like it is her job, is hungry and unsure of what to eat, and is questioning everything and yet nothing....blah hungry like a wolf!
got Skype, and is still figuring out how to use it...like in that she has no idea how to since she just downloaded it...
feels like it is off to the first day of school tomorrow, has the cleanest room ever, and is really happy :)
is not loving the rain. sigh
is happier today. Today was better. She talked to her supervisor, and an amazing thing happened...things got better. Oh and life is good with Thai food. YUMMY!! I love you....
is not loving the new gig, is praying something better comes along, and would like to see the new Harry P movie. Oh and could use a long nap
wants to go see Harry P. and would love to go back to sleep, but there is stuff that needs to get done. Booo...
is tired. is trying to get energy to get out. oh boo.
going out with the coolest chica EVA! *PROPNAME*, would you go on a date? Perhaps it is fate!
is in need of a nap.
is so brainwashed by Neutrogena ads. Praying for those who have less and for the strength to love all she has with patience
feels a bit lost sigh that is life
is not knowing what to do with the time she has on her hands. Park, stalking squirrels? Ugh...Does anyone need to hire an assistant? Boo
has no idea where the time has gone. August? Seriously? Where did July go?
IT'S A SUNSHINE DAY!!! laaa
so tired after The Great Urban Race with Stella. She is a rock solid awesome teammate. Now off to D&B to celebrate the big 24 with *PROPNAME*! Yay busy and fun weekends!
is feeling better...the rain cleanses...vule vooo
is happy to see no rain, hopes it lasts, is excited for what comes next, misses buddies back home, appreciates the buddies she is making up here
is so sore, but super happy about the new New Moon trailer. Sigh...
needs one day at a time...sigh
is not really good at catching up on sleep
is surprised that *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* are engaged. Found out not at Perez..
watching "Speak" with pre-Twilight *PROPNAME*. Love her. So over this week. Need some Post Grad
is happy when friends call out of the blue- *PROPNAME*, friends take random midnight walks with you- *PROPNAME*, and friends who make you crazy addicts for shows like "dead like me" - *PROPNAME*.
omg trader joes delivers to me...yay
has the place to herself this weekend...hhmmm
is really missing her friends from back home. She loves each and everyone of you...you know who you special people are :)
was not impressed with Gossip Girl tonight. It better step it up, or I'm no longer watching
is so happy it is friday. laundry, library, sleep. ahhh
loves beautiful days in NY with beautiful people, has a new temp gig starting Monday, has an interview Monday, and is pretty much loving life! xoxo
can't sleep. Wishing she was 10 years old, and not about to be 24. Misses people, misses less worries, wishes people kept promises of yesterday, wishes things were as easy as swiping a credit card in life...
my toe hurts, i hate work, i am tired. i am so not a grown up...
thinks Vampire Diaries is helping her longing for the next Twilight movie be tamed. OOO sooo sexy!  *PROPNAME* is soo much hotter than RP.
is a bit stressed
just cried like a small child for *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*'s wedding. I want to marry *PROPNAME*...so beautiful
is soooo sleepy.....zzzzzzzzzzzzz
is very cold, feeling jumpy, and ahhhhhhhh
can't wait til New Moon!
is going to go have a chill day. all is going to be good :)
songs from back in the day make her smile, wants it to be Friday already, and loves that for every worry she has her mom is there to tell her she will have a happily ever after :)
what what! The leaves are a turnin' yellow! I hold the power of the button that lets people in the door..mwawaahh haha
met 2 girls named *PROPNAME* in line at Duane under the age of one, saw *PROPNAME* in the latest issue of GQ, and is happy that buying a new toothbrush head makes her believe in the world of new and wonderful possibilities. Love to all today and every other :)
just got a call for an interview for a job she applied for back in June. Go figure. Sometimes things take time. Cross your fingers :)
New York Marathon happening right outside her window. WOOOO
is just not able to win on Vampire Wars..booo..at least she lives in NYC! Yay!
listening like crazy to the Glee soundtrack, happy in her very clean room, excited for new beginnings, grateful for today, tomorrow, and everyday, even the bad ones :) a hug for everyone!
thanks you so much for all the birthday wishes! She had a really amazing time :) xoxo
the best ways to get rid of Moody Mondays, and the past few days of moodiness are to talk to mom, volunteer, talk to *PROPNAME*, watch an amazing episode of Dexter, and be thankful for all the blessings in life that are free for the taking :)
squeals of little girl delight! Going home to South Florida tomorrow! Been over 6 months :)
spending her Saturday night home watching movies with Hot Cocoa. Yum!
has only 3 more days left before she gives her life away for *PROPNAME*'s Market Week...sigh..lol
has one extra day then she expected and begins her hardcore assignment Sunday, not Saturday. One day of extra rest never hurt anyone :)
- smile and the whole world smiles with you. - motivation, not desperation will get you what you want. - the only way to go is up. - family is always there for you, and having even a handful of reliable friends makes life even better :)
clocked in 14 hours today. Smiled at *PROPNAME* like a moron as she walked by...umm how was I to know what she looked like? At least I know who she is. Fashion is hard. Models are very nice though. Til next Tuesday...
wants to be like *PROPNAME* and do a monologue of all her thoughts and feelings. If only the audience were up to it. Hmmm...
had a better day than yesterday. Lack of sleep makes *PROPNAME* an unhappy girl
#&*(@^!)& &*()!&*(#^!(*)@!*( ^*!&*(
is walking on sunshine! Cold weather, hot cocoa, New Moon coming soon, good food in the tummy, and a brighter outlook on life. Yay! It is true... those things do pass, and sometimes they need a helping kick out the door. :) lol
drum roll please...76.5 hours this week of working. :) Going back in at 7:30, then it is over Tuesday..yay
is sooo happy. Things are coming together. So grateful for all the wondeful people in life that make it so great. Just so so so so happy!
had a great time in the snow, seeing "Mr. Big" with *PROPNAME*and *PROPNAME*, and is happily relaxing now...but such a pity about *PROPNAME*. Live life to the fullest :)
is going to see The Lovely Bones, cause it is already out in NYC..yay!
is still thinking about how amazing the season finale of Dexter was...wow. And is now hooked on Lost...she gets it now. Still agonizing over seeing Boone go bye bye...sexy sexy man
needs a love song that speaks of boots that take your breath away, or the sadness inside you feel when a beautiful piece of clothing costs more than a teeth cleaning. No more of this stuff about wishing a guy//girl would love you. How about wishing you had a place to wear a $3,000 gown? Could afford a $3,000 gown? :)
is sharing the secrets of the best products she has used lately. The InStyler- amazing hair, even with light mist outdoors. Urban Decay Primer Potion- I rub my eyes a lot and it still stays (wish it worked for mascara). Forever Makeup Aqua Eyes- gorgeous colors you will get tons of compliments, and it stays! Love to all :)
is happy for the new year and is excited for all the wonderful things that are here now and are in the future :) xoxo
is having one of those days, but thankfully has come to the realization that moments do pass and tomorrow is a new day and the problems of this week will be a faded memory when next week comes around.
soooooooooooooo EXCITED to see *PROPNAME* cause she ROCKS! In the meantime I am lmao at www.notalwaysright.com
is going to see *PROPNAME*..WOOO...is going to see *PROPNAME*...WOOO! So psyched!!!!
had delicious Thai food, needs to clean tomorrow, and is excited about getting busy at her new job
is looking at old photos...and is kinda glad she takes them off facebook every so often, so that she has them all to herself, and it helps her make sure she keeps moving forward  ;)
is pondering...how many people pop up on your facebook homepage you can barely recall having talked to in the last year? Hmmm....life it changes
is lost, but in 2010 hopefully she will find her way and is making a promise to put herself first :)
ugh that *PROPNAME* has the face of a nightmare...ewww
wants to be like the cute old couple on third avenue who sit outside, rain or shine, together happily watching people walk by...
has been a negative person this week, and although the week is not up yet she will turn it around. Looking for hope to ward off the restlessness
black
wants to pose a question...if you could go back to several times in your life you wish you could do differently would you?
is happy things are coming together for her job and self-wise...is a lot busier than she realized...feels good about keeping her resolution to be selfish to herself...and is letting other people make the effort, and it is great :)
is sleepy, loves *PROPNAME*'s new blog, *PROPNAME*'s remodeled blog, *PROPNAME*'s new makeup, and is so pumped for New Moon!!! Did she mention she has the new CD and loves it?
used to like facebook more, but it just is not the same...maybe it is time to change things up...
is fulfilled in life! Is sooooo excited for everything! :)
is sleepy, is sooo happy and content, is so lucky to have the many wonderful people she has in her life, and is really happy to have the opportunity to have work in such a crazy economy :)
has a bump on her head she has no idea where it came from, loves the cold weather, feels like a weight has been lifted from her, and is confident in her choices here on out.
is resting her voice...stupid laryngitis
thinks that if she did not work Mondays she would really like her job hahahaha...lunch then soooo much to do to get up to date after the weekend!
is in bed dreaming of nerdy firemen hahahahaha
is in bed dreaming of nonbaryonic dark matter**Sigh** facebook quizzes are fun
is so happy it is Friday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Time with *PROPNAME* and then home to sleep-in all weekend and get some rest! Three weeks with this head cold is a bit much...
is off lunch and back to work....until 6pm
is missing her nieces and sissy in Inverness
is having a hard time living with no phone :o( Come on dal hook me up already!!! (Work until 6pm...facebook is the best way to contact me right now)
is heading home!
is happy it's her birthday!!! Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes :o)
has tickets to 'Thunder from Down Under"...going to the bank to get some American $1.00 bills :oP ***WOOT*** I have a feeling my 2nd 22 b-day is going to be awesome and slightly ridiculous :o) Bath then bed...time and a half tomorrow
is at work....one more hour then sushi date with *PROPNAME*. Feeling sleepy already....3 days to mon birthday!!!!! and le strippers :oP
just got home from shopping for our apartment with *PROPNAME*I bought 600 thread count sheets and they feel like butter! ooooohhhhhh luxury sleep here I come :o)
two minutes into the show and I was already being 'man-handled'....<3
is celebrating her second year single anniversaryor Personal-independence day for me :oP
is honestly pretty bla today...wish I could go home to Cape Breton and sit on the beach in the sun
is thanking everyone for the birthday wishes :o) Cleaning my apartment!! Laundry//dishes//the usual
thinks that a slow day at work seems to last sooo much longer than a busy one! Tick, tock...come on 6pm!!!
has tickets to 'Thunder from Down Under"...going to the bank to get some American $1.00 bills :oP ***WOOT*** I have a feeling my 2nd 22 b-day is going to be awesome and slightly ridiculous :o)
wishes she never hear of a sciatic nervestupid back! Doctors appointment then work.
has decided, after some careful contemplation, to turn 22 this year. Age is a state of mind and I am feeling early 20-ish...:oP
is deep in thought. At lunch then back to work until 6pm.
home to clean up the house, shower then back to *PROPNAME*'s
...my kingdom for a back! lol *PROPNAME* is full of Olympians from every countrywatched the Turkish team check in last night :o) Ethnic men are BEAUTIFUL!! :o)
off to work out with *PROPNAME* (Y)
finds it hard to understand some American reactions about Health Care Reformthey seem so the end is herelaundry, chatting to Mom and giving some TLC to my orchids
would like to go home for a weekend here and there...I work Mon-Fri 10-6pm...if you are headed toward the Cape let me know :o) Fall term classes: Tue//Wed//Thu...no school Mon//Fri
is reading "Act like a lady, think like a man" on her lunch...understanding the male psyche is the first step to taking over the world :oP
is having a hard time living with no phone :o( Come on dal hook me up already!!!
has decided, after some careful contemplation, to turn 22 this year. Age is a state of mind and I am feeling early 20-ish...:oP B-day in 4 days :oD
needs to make herself a budget...school supplies (aka coffee maker :oP) and a gym pass??? First term books = $350.00 I wonder what qualifications I need to write//publish text books?
realizes that maybe she will not move to Hawaiithis heat and humidity is killing me slowly. Cleaned her apartment yesterday in the heat and swears she sweat off 10lbs!
is working until 6
wants to go home! 10 more minutes...why are work days so much longer than weekend day?
is getting some work done, then cleaning my room//apartment!...it is HOTTTT outside!
is locking up the office and heading home...*PROPNAME* call me soon :o) Re-potting orchids then to *PROPNAME*! Have a good night all!!!
working until 6pm...home to re-pot orchids then off to *PROPNAME*'s for the night!
"It's not 'THAT' the wind is blowing...it's 'WHAT' the wind is blowing"
at work until 6pm...great day! Excited that my *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* might be planning a trip...now to wait until November lol.
*PROPNAME* and I unpacked, cleaned//organized our home :o) Now we have clutter-free space and even our kitchen looks bigger! Wait until you get home Shelly-Bean and see our neat place :o)
Getting ready for *PROPNAME*. Bought enough non-perishable food for three days. Flashlight//batteries. Check. First-aid kit. Check. Bottling some water. Check. Old towels, in case windows leak. Check. Today: laundry, cleaning and making sure nothing important is on the floor.
My horoscope today is awesome hahahaha....it reminds me of...well most days :oP "*PROPNAME*, If you are single, this is not the best day to get out to meet new people. The people you meet will be strange or dysfunctional in some way."
...just starting to get windy//rainy in Halifax, making eggs and coffee just in case the power goes!
:o) there are 3 Swedish guys on my floor this year....***WOOT***
is flying through the Sookie Stackhouse series :oP Loved the last book I read "Club Dead" but "Dead to the World" is not impressing me yet at page 110...urg!
is at work...School on the 10th and I am so excited! *PROPNAME* is home :o) Life is good.
wishes she worked the front desk at *PROPNAME* so she could enjoy looking at the Olympic athletes**sigh**
Oh no!!!! I have a class deep in the bowels of the LSC...I will die in the catacombs and never see sunlight again. I was lost underground in the LSC for an entire hour once :oS
is fantasizing about kicking washing machines and dreaming about joining a radical-feminist group...urrg. I want to go home!
is at work, off tomorrow and then working the weekend for student check in...bring on the scared//excited students and parents lol!
really wants to learn some form of self-defence (or better yet offence :oP). Checking the *PROPNAME* website for classes...
thinks her temper is her worst qualitybla! *PROPNAME* come home I miss you!
work, work, work until 6. Day-off tomorrow to have pulmonary function tests...they are going to try and prove that I have asthma by trying to induce an asthma attack...fun times :oP I will wear my running shoes lol!
at work until 6pm then repotting two orchids.
is done doing silly quizzes...but they are so funny!!!  Good-night everyone!
is at work then the mall then off to *PROPNAME*'s :o)
is living with her personal trainer this week...Kapo, ab-ripper, kickboxing and cardio.
worst night ever! then I get this message? "hey so i just moved up here and ill be honest, living with someone but not getting needs met sexually and hoping to find someone in same position or at least who understands and can be discrete, if you may be interested let me know ,if not i am very sorry to have bothered you" I could be a god damn serial killer who gets off setting people on fire urg I fucking hate people!
had a wonderful talk with *PROPNAME*! Now to get a chance to chat with Heather and I will be totally happy :o) Looking for a job this week. "Just keep swimming, just keep swimming, just keep swimming, swimming, swimming"
wants to go home!!!
wonders why the tigerbooks link is broken half the time! I am trying to sell some books damn you! (I <3  Coffee)
working then to the gym
is deep in lust and going to bed :oP
has internet again!!!!!
...according to my personality profile my ideal partner is an ISTJ...interesting
truly believes in Murphys lawfelt like giving up today, like quittingI am going to keep going. Not sure how far I will get but I am going to push until they throw me out of here lol.
walked out of her house and onto a movie site this morning...."CUT!!!"...she said sorry and hurried out of the way....wow the lights were so bright!
is wishing her big-Ssista a super-awesome-tastic birthday!!!!!!!! I <3  you *PROPNAME*!!!!!!!!
is reading her new textbooks...so excited about taking Human Sexuality! I am going to make an A+
is at work until 1pm then maybe selling a book? Off with *PROPNAME* after that!!!!!
is at work until 6
Just keep swimming, just keep swimming I am going to make that song my new theme song :oP Covered in hives so gone to buy some meds. Allergy doctors apt Oct 28 :o)
F.M.L. busy and stressed this weekmidterms, assignments, papers, and working overtime for Open Housewhen I finish school I am running away to Hawaii and becoming an illegal immigrant
Working until 1pm then home to take a long shower and wash off my sour mood! Meeting *PROPNAME*s Dad today!!!!!! :o)
has a bit of a fever....why is the H1N1 flu shot not out yet? Urrrrg I will be mad if I get sick :o(
cleaning, studying and then some laundry...I <3  Fridays :oP
@work, then home to study and clean.
Allergy specialist Wednesday so I cannot take Reactine for a few daystrying not to scratch! Bed soon, work tomorrow.
work today 8:30-4:30. Open House at *PROPNAME*! Stood outside in the freezing rain and now my mitts and scarf are soaked :oS Hahahahaha Come on weekend!
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT- if you are reading this, whether we do or don't speak often, please post a comment of the first memory you have of you and me that pops in your head. When you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status; you'll be surprised what people remember about you!
tired and feeling sick, gone to bed! Sore throat, feet, legs and I get to do it again tomorrow.
work, work, work and then home to clean
...my doctor says I have "a cute virus"or something like that Bahahahaha No H1N1 hereyet! Bath, lots of liquids and I might even take a nap. Need to get better for date night with *PROPNAME* tomorrow!
...no vaccine for me today :o(  uurrg I wonder if I could fake being pregnant to get in line? Bahahaha probably not :oP Hopefully I can get the vaccine soon....friggin asthma!!!
home from my midterm and now doing homework...class tonight until 7 :o(
wishes someone would invent a cure for migrainesthird day with a headache so much work to do this weekend!!! Coffee, Tylenol and studying.
used to be a happy personbread maker shorted out and caught fire :o( Out of our apartment for 2-3weeks while they repair damageAHHHHHHHHHH!?!?!?!?!
gone to pack up and move everything out of our 3-bedroom apartment and into our temp 2-bedroom apartment :oS
Exciting Saturday plans: write a literature review, study for my midterm Tuesday, grocery shopping, cleaning our apartment and maybe some late night laundry :o)
...fighting the flu with clementines. I carry them everywhere and when someone coughs//sneezes without covering their face ***WACK** I smack them with one and it works like a charm :oP
has internet again!!!!! So much work//studying to do....midterms woo hoo
@work until 1:00pm them home to write a paper and study for my first exam!! (Too busy for life and facebook this week)
@work until 1:00pm them home to write a paper and study for my first exam!!
working until 1:00pm...really needs a break
wonders when living switched to just surviving. My life is covered in soot and stale sprinkler water. Work then gone to move some more stuff to our temp placeclass presentation tonight :oS Can you get 'stress leave' from life?
thinks if she was less moral she would have a lot more money hahahaha!
burr, burr I am not ready for the cold...why can't I acclimatize! I need to start cold weather training in July lol.
...well I never knew I had a sister named *PROPNAME*?!?!?!?! Bahahahaha *PROPNAME* you made me laugh even though you were not here!!
Community Health Promotion exam tomorrow...bed soon, then I can start thinking about it being almost the holidays :o)
finished her last presentation tonight!!! Now two exams tomorrow morning...on the bright side one of them is Human sexuality :oD I am a total erotophile and proud of it :oP
bed, bed, bed, work tomorrow.
gone to *PROPNAME*'s!!!
work and then study, study, study!!!
uuummmmmmmmmm all men should learn how to dance before they are allowed to have sex with women :o) I love men!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
...loves posting pictures and playing "who do my nieces look most like" Working, then home to finish my paper and study
packing, packing, packing....burnt out. Moving back to Glengary tomorrow, working Friday then headed to Cape Breton Friday at 1:00pm with *PROPNAME*.....F*****WWWWKKKKKKK this entire year! I am so over moving three times in four months...FML....back to packing!
sore from moving last night...wind-burnt on my face and hands (I am so sexy bahahaha). FINALLY back in our apartment!...and leaving the mess to go home for the holidays :o) Working 9:30am-12:30pm running home to get *PROPNAME* then running to the shuttle and heading to Inverness @1:15pm :o) If we miss the shuttle you will see us sleeping on Spring Garden :oP...hummm cab to the shuttle it is!!!
uuurrrggggg...and then it all went to shit!
profane messages make my day hahahahahashower, pjs, late news, then bedwondering if you can actually classify the best sex of your life?
is gone to flirt shamelessly with police officers at their Christmas party. Is there anything better than a man in uniform? WAIT! One with handcuffs :oP
is eating an apple she got from a stranger...what is the worst thing that could happen? :oP
thinks she must say her name strangle when answering the phone at work, as most ppl hear (*PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, and *PROPNAME*)...I am not sure how they get that from "*PROPNAME* speaking" lol but it is funny to be called *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*??? Crazy day lol
has been in Cape Breton for 10 days...and has read 8 novels. Humm I almost wish I had studying to do lol. But everyone here is soooo nice :o)
...*PROPNAME* is leaving today to have an adventure...I miss her already.
...when the printer broke at work today, who do you think was asked to stand and manually feed the paper tray one sheet at a time? FML...University education, peer mediation//drug//suicide intervention training, International coordinating experience...I am a paper tray bahahahahaha! (Work until 1pm then class until 7:30pm)
is gone home for the day....
getting off work at 6:00pm, WalMart then Harry Potter@9:40pm with the twinnies!!!!
getting ready for the storm to hit Cape Breton...shuttle tomorrow to Halifax (I hope)
R.I.P Sergent *PROPNAME*...my thoughts and sympathy to your friends and family. You always made me laugh even when I wanted to cry...NS has lost a great soldier
...hopes that Canada sends some help to Port-Au-Prince Haiti today
...gone to bed with *PROPNAME*' Red Dragon
...makin' supper then laundry and a little homework
...heading to the gym with *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME* and my sista!!
the end of the summer business season is here...slow days of work ahead...facebook quiz time hahahaha. Well some of them are fun.
is wondering what hurricane Bill is going to be like...getting ready just in case :o)
...work, class and gym tonight!
wants everyone to fill out the big five personality quiz I am sending out :o)
great time at the gym, thanks ladies and *PROPNAME*! To bed to sleep, to sleep to dream...
is an atheist please respect my beliefs and stop sending me jesus, god and (insert other deity) crap. Thanks.
is working, working, working...
classes, maybe a movie with the twinnies after classes
...getting some readings done for class. Work and class demain.
Is so far away from the people who care about herfeeling really sad//upset tonight.
yeah *PROPNAME* is home! Work until 6pm.
over the counter back pills make me sleepy, not good when I have classes all day :oS
is home from work, lunch then classes until 7:30pm. Feeling so run-downwish I could trade bodys or immune systems with someone. Might find out what is wrong with me soon! Waiting for another CT scan.
back to work//school and feeling exhausted :oS Hope I am not getting sick!
Was asked why our University has co-ed bathrooms by a lady from Texas today. When I replied because co-ed washrooms are inclusive for everyone, especially people who fall somewhere between our male//female definition...she replied Pufff that must be a Canadian thing. Inclusion..a Canadian thing :o)
...its winter, its spring, its winter, its spring, its winterI am noticing a pattern with this weather.
...its winter, its spring, its winter, its spring, its winterI am noticing a patter with this weather.
...yeah it's FRIDAY! Class and then some homework :o) *PROPNAME*'s is a rotten, lame movie!
...off to work. Work part-time, class full-time, life? no time :oP
Its "Doppelgnger Week" on Facebook. Change your profile pic to someone famous you've been told you resemble. And repost this
is checking out *PROPNAME*'s challenges...I might try out a few. Nothing wrong with eating more raw veggies or going Vegan for a month :o)
...just keep swimming, studying.
busy and stressed out today!
...surround yourself with people in your life who make all of the work//effort//time worth it.
...loves *PROPNAME*'s "What do you want from me?"
...is sooo excited that she bought one of *PROPNAME*'s rapure pies from Sobeys. Life is good :o) Olympics at 7 or 7:30pm tonight!
places to go, people to see, papers to write and homework to read. Having a productive day :o)
Now we are headed to *PROPNAME*'s to watch *PROPNAME* and Me again!
Off to the drive in to see Transformers and Star Trek!!!!!!!!!
Still not smoking and my mood is improving.
insomnia a man's best freind.
is relaxing at home, and then going for a walk with *PROPNAME*.
Has had a successful day selling jewelry.  Congrats to my wife for seliing a beautiful drawing!
is tired after a long day.
feeling that life is good.
I will be getting a new tattoo in about 10 hours.
Still not smoking and feeling pretty good!  Hopefully the worst is over!
I've got cheap *PROPNAME* tickets!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Call 773-962-7899!!!!
is wondering why *PROPNAME* is so popular?
Once again can't sleep, but too tired to do anything productive.
Gettin ready top head out to The Glenn Ellyn Art Fest!!!!!!!!!!!  Maybe I'll get to see Heavy The Fall!!
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT: if you are reading this, whether we do or don't speak often, please post a comment of your first memory of you and me. When finished, post this paragraph on your own status; you'll be surprised what people remember about you.
Enjoyed mini golf and dinner with *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* yesterday.
One month without a cigarette!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
is looking forward to moving to DeKalb at the end of May!
is sick and can't sleep. Waiting for my new phone to come later today.
Still you feed us lies from the tablecloth.
is thinking about going to graduate school?  Not quite sure, just exploring the idea.  There is quite a bit to consider.
Why do they always send the poor?
is having a dinner party with freinds.
is back at home with *PROPNAME*.  I was having asthma difficulties at her palce.
Jammin my Lady GaGa CD, I got from *PROPNAME* for Christmas!!!!!!!!!!!  She ROCKS!!!!!!!!!!!
can't sleep.
is chillin at home with my buddy Mike.
*PROPNAME* *PROPNAME*, generous, fun-loving, all-around good guy and manager at *PROPNAME*'s Fox Valley will sponsor this fundraising event on behalf of the Awakenings Project. We will receive 10% of the proceeds of all the meals sold on Jan. 29th between the hours of 4 PM and 10 PM. Even those purchased by people who don't know Awakeni...ngs. But since you are part of our facebook group, you do know us!
The Awakenings Project meets *PROPNAME*'s!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
http:////www.paintingsbyjeffree.com
THE OWNER OF FACEBOOK HAS CONFIRMED THAT THEY WILL SEND $1 DOLLAR TO THE RESCUE FUND FOR THE HAITI EARTHQUAKE DISASTER FOR EVERY TIME THIS IS CUT AND PASTED AS A STATUS. YOU ONLY HAVE TO LEAVE IT UP FOR 1 HOUR. LET'S ALL DO IT TO SUPPORT THANKS ... true or not, it's worth a try.
Awakenings and *PROPNAME*'s
Gettin ready to take *PROPNAME* to the doctor.
is gettin ready to head out to my group!
Once agaian getting ready to take *PROPNAME* to the doctor.
Waiting for freinds to come over on this cold and snowy day!
My old roomate from Englewood, *PROPNAME*, is in town.
likes the new Spartan football promo video! :) I'm exited for football season!
"no more than 5 pages" is my new favorite phrase! :)
one page left then editing! and 24 + hours till the paper is due! SCORE!!
is sad that Tetris is not working! :(
is in desperate need of a social life!!! :(
hates writing papers.
hmmm....I uninstalled 1 tiny program and now I can do internet, and symantec works?! oh well, maybe my computer is not dying after all! :)
is on Kiawah Island having an amazing vacation with her favorite person!!
2 papers done! now time for the very last edits and a read-through by mommy! :)
yay band camp! I can't wait for friday!!
is frustrated and displeased with the way that the next few weeks are shaping up. Mail.msu.edu doesn't make the situation any better. I'm sending a complaint!
thinks it would be nice to have a car! :P
is back in MI!!
is home in the OC!!
is WAY too excited for New Moon!
somehow has to BS 5 pages of scientific paper about a frustratingly inconclusive field project AND have sources to cite about it. FML
is le tired!
misses everyone in EL!! I can't wait for preseason!!! :)
thinks there should be more time in the day and that mail.msu.edu is stupidly slow!
is SO excited for Freshman Dress!!!!!!!
one more week of summer please!!!
yay clean laundry!!!! :)
is excited for GAMEDAY TOMORROW!!!!! GO STATE!!!!!
Toga Toga Toga!!
is 3 weeks in and already tired of reading!!!!
is mostly unpacked and moved in! :)
is home and not ready to be back in the real world yet! ://
GO STATE BEAT THE BADGERS!!!!!!!
LOVES the SMB!!!!!!!
is still waiting for mail.msu.edu, but is SO excited to move into her new apartment on Sunday!! :)
needs another weekend
back in EL! Call me!
thinks the best thing to ever happen to hot chocolate is *PROPNAME*'s special dark cocoa powder!!! :)
is moving to her new apartment in EL!!!
had a great weekend, but is not ready for classes tomorrow!! ://
finally has finished her paper! :) still needs to be edited, but at least it's done!! :D
can't wait for later tonight!
has a long day but a fun night ahead of her!
tired tired tired, but come on out to the Dance Party at Sparty Watch tonight!!! 8-midnight!!
needs to find someone to live with next year!!!
.......so apathetic........
is excited for a weekend on a lake with friends!! :)
needs to find a good place for a nap! :)
Midnight Madness and then a few hours of sleep before Spartan Football!!
GO STATE!!! BEAT THE WILDCATS!!!!!!
best way to relax after a crazy morning: blanket and Chopin
had a good weekend and is now tired!!!!
loves bid night!! :)
doesn't want to write her paper...
blah blah blah-blah blah blah blah
came out to campus to study, and forgot headphones!! how am I supposed to memorize music without headphones!!? :(
procrastination will get me in trouble one of these days.... :P
Spartan Spooktacular, 8pm kickoff against the gofers, and then Halloween!!!
bored bored bored.....not ready for thursday! I don't have 2 tunes memorized!!! :(
drunk MSU fans when I was biking home after the game: "oh, band fag coming through" I don't like to swear, but I had to bite my tongue to keep from either flicking them off or just simply saying "FUCK YOU!"
today I saw an old woman walking across the bridge by Sparty. She was wearing a bright aqua colored shirt. Right behind her was a college guy wearing a t-shirt of the exact same hue. It made me smile! :P
Just has to get to wednesday at 2:30 pm. then I'm home free!
was named very appropriately. *PROPNAME* means industrious//labor.
auto tune the news - the best way to waste time!!! :P
thinks conscientious is should be spelled more phonetically. Maybe like: conchienchous...:P
is confused by the two different kinds of news feed.....
Is not sure she wants to be done yet! GO STATE BEAT THE LIONS!!!!! I love my senior buddies! and I hope everyone's ready for a sob-fest!!!
would like to have more than 24 hours in a day!!
GO STATE BEAT THE LIONS!!!!!!
loves group projects! especially when I do 90% of the work! Awesome!..... NOT!!!
thinks she may have to walk to class in the morning.... but still LOVES SNOW!!!!!!
just found the perfect internship - free housing, food stipend, working in a zoo for 40 hours a week getting a first hand look at all the veterinary stuff that I hope to be doing in a few years!!!!! :) I hope I get in!!!
hates writing papers!!!!!!! I don't know how English majors do it!
Has had an AMAZING yet utterly unproductive weekend! :P
just realized how many projects//papers are due in the next 4 weeks! EEK!! :(
just doesn't feel like working... how about sleep!? :)
has a great night planned!! State of 5ths concert and then fun night with her favorite old roomie!! :)
one more final left and then I'm DONE!! :)
is DONE with writing her paper! now I just have to edit it and start studying for finals! ://
tengo un gato!? if you know anyone who lives in Berrytree and has a black cat that is missing, I have her!!!
1 1//2 pages done...this thing needs to be 10!!!! :(
Girl 1: Eeew! It's all blue and jiggly! Girl 2: I can't get it out! ~I heard this today in the *PROPNAME* cafeteria relating to.... jello! :P
hopes that this Evolution final goes as well as that tetris game did too! :P
kinda hopes that her finals go as well as that game of tetris just did! :P
is home in OC!!!!
I sent the kitty home! it was kinda fun to have a kitty cat for a day! :)
cookie dough + glee + packing to go home = a great afternoon!!!
Shindig at my house at 7!! call for directions! :D
wishes everyone a very Merry Christmas *PROPNAME*!
book-faced HACKED!!!! muahahahahaha
Can't wait to go to TEXAS!!!!! :D
doesn't want to study anymore!!
loves having her language preference as English (pirate)!!!!! arrrrggg matey!!
going to Chicago! :)
LOVES SNOW!!!!! :)
thinks her mondays, wednesdays, and fridays this semester are going to be awesome! :) Environmental physiology seems like a GREAT class!! :)
has some pretty mighty senioritis, and apathy right now... BUT I bought a class ring today!!!! :D
is back in EL, but not ready to start classes yet!! :(
Can't wait for today to be over! then I'll have an application mailed, and be off to Texas!! :)
now has pierced ears!! :) but I can't swim for 2 months!! :( sounds like I'm going to get to know the treadmill really well! :P
JUST GOT THE BEST INTERNSHIP EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D I'll be spending 5 weeks this summer shadowing and learning from zoo vets at the Seneca Zoo in Rochester, NY!!!!! :D
Dinner with *PROPNAME* and then I'm finally getting my ears pierced!!!! :D
GO STATE BEAT THE BOBCATS!!!!!
can't believe it. I wore my favorite bracelet and ring to 3rd degree today. Real Turquoise and silver, and come home, to realize that I lost the stone in the bracelet!!! :'( if anyone has seen it, PLEASE let me know!!!!
IT'S SNOWING!!!!!!! IN KENTUCKY!!!!!!! I guess it's about time for our biennial snowstorm! :D
thinks that if she doesn't find a faster way to get all her reading homework done this semester, she will go crazy!!!! ://
needs to FOCUS!!!!!
thinks she needs more spontaneity in her life! Last night was so much fun! going to UofM on a whim to see old friends! :D
was worried when she saw the new facebook layout page until she figured out how to get to Tetris! She is ridiculously addicted to that game! :P
thinks break.com is the best website ever! :)
is listening to mice play and chat in her ceiling! ://
GO STATE!!!!!!! WOOT!!!!!!!!! SECOND YEAR IN A ROW!!!!!!!! nothing could make this day better!!!!
is sleeping :)
now has unlimited texting!! Yessssss!!
IT'S SNOWING!!!!!! :D
thinks she was sleepwalking last night"...I don't remember wearing this when I went to bed..."
you know I've been busy when I haven't played tetris in 3 days! :P
is going to be reading textbooks for the rest of her life! :( only 1 chapter of neurobio left, then 2 chapters to catch up in Euk. Cell bio, and then 2-3 in Environmental Phys.... oh goodie... ://
is hoping in vain for sunshine...
finds a good mix of farming, socializing, and killing monsters to be very therapeutic.
is sick?
is sick, but not badly.
believes that summer has indeed arrived.
is excited about mural painting!
has finally completely uploaded her Alaska pictures.
feels old after watching the sixth Harry Potter movie.
paints some more mural.
is back from Alaska!
is working on new profile pic as E-28.
is having fun at work.
is feeling odd.
never realized that there was Boston Fashion Week.
is looking forward to sunny Saturday in the park.
proves to be awesome at picking out paint colors.
needs to buy newer karaoke songs.
has joined the Harvard Ballroom Team!
was too busy watching Castle last night (fashion! murder! mayhem!) to upload pics.
clearly needs to transfer new pictures from her camera to her computer.
is sad to discover that 8+ hours of sleep is needed to keep this old(er) body going.
is leaving work for some down-time before dance(!!!).
Castle > shopping.
feels satisfied with where she is in life for the first B(ig)day in a long time.
is looking forward to Homecoming weekend.  :)
has the most amazing friends ever.
dislikes how utterly miserable the weather outside is.
realizes that she probably can't afford (staying alive-wise) to pig out on sweets around Harvard Square everytime she has dance practice.
does not like sickness.
is at Amherst!!!
sees that People's Republic of China turns 60 today, but finds Mom's birthday more important.
is super excited that Merlin season 2 has started!!!
brightens your day.
has a long but exciting work day.
wants more sunshine!
s doctor is sick...so all her preparations for pain is not needed for another two weeks.
is ready to kick some bacteria butt!
wants *PROPNAME*'s dresses from the CMA.
raked some leaves this weekend!
wants buffalo chicken chowder for lunch.  :*(
wishes it was as warm out as the sunny blue sky with wispy clouds seems to indicate.
is scared of the weather tomorrow.
sill isn't friends with her flue vaccine...
is sub-sub-optimal again.  :(
is using the excellent combination of juice and calories to tip the balance between sickness and health.
wants to know who (is in Boston and) wants to see Avenue Q!
This actually works!: The Facebook Trick: Press Up, Up, Down, Down, Left, Right, Left, Right, B, A, enter key then right click. Then press up then down & magic circles will appear! Put this as your status IF IT WORKED FOR YOU!
needs to reset because the recent bout of failing Westerns clearly indicates there is a bug in the system.
is ready for Baltimore!  (Is Baltimore ready for Hua?  Maybe not...)
cannot speak due to throat pain.  This brings back memories of the first few days of school at Ramapo Middle.  Hopefully, this time there won't be racial slurs thrown around.
gets to visit the Baltimore Aquarium again!!!
invites you to feel the magic of the holidays by visiting the Harry Potter exhibit at Museum of Science Boston on Dec. 12 (Sat).
is looking for her face again (where is that camera cord?!).
now knows that flu vaccines are not friends.
can speak again!  (As long as you ignore the occasional bouts of severe coughing.)
needs to Wii Fit Plus more in order to stay in shape for dance (why yes, that does count).
won't have any wisdom teeth left in 24 hours.  :(
thanks the kind soul who turned in her wallet, and dislikes whoever took $100 out (holiday shopping now looks a lot less happy).
is feeling >70% and can stop letting work get delayed. (= happiness)
is looking for a wallet...Bed, Bath, & Beyond shoppers//employees...please be kind and save it from being ravaged until I can go back to your shop.  T_T
thanks *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* for the gorgeous additions (especially the personalized jacket that she's showing off at work today) to her closet and the giant hole in her wallet. <3
has landed in Boston and is back at work.  :D
wishes all a very very awesome new year full of laughter and joy.
is sad that she's shorter than the shortest semi-finalist on cycle 13 of ANTM (*PROPNAME*'s French accent is SCARY).
wishes that her experiments would WORK when she's in the lab, especially when she's staying past normal going home time. D:
must eat lots of sticky and crunchy food before Thursday morning!
is rehauling her facebook...warning...warning...information and photos may (dis)appear...
is going to eat ice cream cake before lunch.  :D
has 28 teeth left.  At this rate of loss (2//decade), she'll be toothless by age 160...not too bad.  :| <--currently cannot grin//smile
is singing Christmas songs (to all of you!).
is hungry.
is going to see if Chinese dance is in her future.
is already hard at work!
is rewatching the first half of Knock Knock Loving You (the only portion worth watching).
has sore muscles from dancing too hard this weekend.
wants a nap.
has finally made it to Part III of *PROPNAME*'s Immunobiology book.
now believes in the "bad things come in threes" proverb.
is super excited about the first day of dance practice!
is awed by how 30 minutes can triple her RAM.  <3
is keeping her lab notebook up-to-date.
hasn't yet watched this week's episode of Castle (and thus is failing at life!!!).
must work hard today so that she can go home before the super heavy snowfall starts.
plans to visit Orlando (Harry Potter! Sun!) during April's long weekend (go Patriot's Day!).
is all about NYC tomorrow :-)
is getting ready to wrap up her first week in NYC.
cannot wait for Friday! :-)
has one week left?!
is heading cross country!!
can't wait for Ithaca tomorrow :-)
NYC to incommunicado in 24 hours? Can't wait :-)
is off to her first day of school!
so there's a Guam quarter?
BEST DISCOVERY: There is a Wegman's 10 minutes from my house!!
what's up PA inspection standards?
Longest day ever--but so great to see so many HC people!
is venturing off into the world of high school football. Go Lions?
is making apple-carrot muffins like no one's business.
2 months!!
is heading to Princeton to watch the little bro row in his first race! Go Big Red!
made the most kickass shrimp penne arribiata-like dish! Now, off to watch the game!
is back in DE for the Dover race tomorrow!
is tea at lunch and pumpkin bread muffins after school.
wants it to be 1 month and 2 weeks from now.
is Delaware-bound in just a few hours!
is H1N1 :-(
just booked her tickets to Germany for Winter Break (!!) and is heading to Ithaca tomorrow for Homecoming! Life is good :-)
3 weeks :-)
Last day of school until the New Year!! (3 days!)
just needs to make it through Thursday.
RIP Raccoon in my driveway this morning :-(
is really missing 130 Linden right now.
SNOW!!
Back States' Side :-( What a wonderful trip :-)
will be in NYC by this time tomorrow!
Nine tagen :-)
Potsdam :-)
PHL --> TXL (!!)
Black!  P.S. DC tomorrow!
loves being back in the Mid Atlantic and in high school where 2 hour delays for 3 inches of snow are possible!
vegetarian chili and beans for the little ones
is checking out what Habitat for Humanity is all about!
Snow in Germany!
just made some kickass veggie lasagna!
SNOW DAY!!
s house smells like hickory and fall!
"I gave her my heart and she gave me a picture of me as an old time sheriff."
Fabulous weekend :-)
PHYSICS= BAD.  My Favorite Equation.
I have the best adhi in the whole world...and I HATE physics...
"Hey don't smoke that Tijuana it'll make you crazy," my grandma... hehehhe :)
Happy Friendship Day!!! :)
I want two BUNNIES...THEY ARE SOOOOOO CUTE:)
Graduation Pictures Are STUPID Expensive...So just buy 1 of the smallest pictures and then copy them later...IT IS WAY CHEAPER.....
I have the best adhi in the whole world :)
Dashain ko Subhakaamana sabaai laai!!!Happy Dashain!!!
I wanna get two bunnies....They are sooo cute....
Happy Dashain! Dashain ko Subhakamana Sabaai laai! :)
Hamro Bai haru laai... bhai tikako dherai dherai subhakaamana....:)
H1N1= :| ...  :{  ...  :(  ...  :@...  oink oink *PROPNAME*, "So the Swine flu vaccinations are on shortage til Dec....How come we we never seem to be on shortage for illegal drugs like crystal meth or coke???.... We should hire those guys to make the H1N1 vaccinations..."
HAPPY TIHAR!!!!
The New England Journal of Medicine reports that 9 out of 10 doctors agree that 1 out of 10 doctors is an idiot."~ *PROPNAME*
"So the Swine flu vaccinations are on shortage til Dec....How come we we never seem to be on shortage for illegal drugs like crystal meth or coke???.... We should hire those guys to make the H1N1 vaccinations..."- jay leno
GO BEARS!!! VERY VERY PROUD TO BE BERKELEY ALUMNI!!! Go BEARS!!... Oh Stanford...you're just never good enough... :(
GO Bears! Very Proud to BE BERKELEY ALUMNI! GO BEARS!
Go Bears!!!
Best Weekend...Eating with family and movie nites with the little cousin... :) :) :)
Proud of the success of her BSP family members!...Congrats to everyone who got into Med School, Dental School, and Grad School!...Best of Luck!
Here's something to think about: How come you never see a headline like 'Psychic Wins Lottery'?~ *PROPNAME*
So UC Tuition Fees are increasing by 30% and the salary of the UC Regents has been increasing since our fee hikes....SO THAT's where all of our tuition money is going...
"Happy Non-Denominational Happy Winter..."  Just kidding... Happy Holidays Everyone...
Red+Purple= Fuschia? :)
AMERICAN AIRLINES is taking doctors and nurses to Haiti for free. Please call 212-697-9767. Spread the word. if you are looking for ways to be of any help... UPS IS SHIPPING TO HAITI FOR FREE TOMORROW!! IT HAS TO BE UNDER 50 lbs!! If you have ANYTHING to give, round up your stuff and... send it out!! PLEASE repost this... to spread the word PLEASE repost!!!!
I'm sooo lucky to have such good friends and family! Thanks for all the sweet bday messages! Lots of love to you all!
"OMG...The new SIMS is soooo cool...You can even make friends and stuff..."- my very lonely friend...
*PROPNAME*'s sons' new car-$360,000  *PROPNAME*'s new ring- $800,000 The Average cost of a 16yrs bday party in West LA- $275,000 (Quotes from NPR) PEOPLE GET IN TOUCH WITH REALITY AND SHARE!!!
DON'T TAKE UGLY BETTY off the air!!! There are plenty of stupid shows on the air ...this is one of the FEW SHOWS that's actually EMPOWERING TO WOMEN and SPEAKS TO REAL PEOPLE!
Happy Lunar Year! I hope it is filled with good health and happiness...and lots of red envelopes! :)
I like this work, play and no class thing...summer should happen more often
<3 baking cookies
Ready for an awesome summer at Stanford!!
I'm MeLTING
why does it feel like it should be the weekend by nowwww
migraine = :(
must write essays!
<3's picnics
<//3 new dentist
<3's Hawaii
<3's pedicures
back to workkk
one more week to catch up on life...then VACATION
<3's dancing
home in the heights!
breath of relief!!!!
<3's catching up with friends
<//3 softball :(
PROJECT RUNWAY!!
needs to focussss
senoritis go away please! oh and take my flu with you.
I'M GOING TO BE A DOCTOR!
HAPPY THANKSGIVING!
no more shopping!!!
Home for Thanksgiving! <3
is locked out of her room, with no roomates or RAs in sight :(
in SD :D
DONE DONE DONE!!!! :D
stuck in SD airport for.....ever?
Best Birthday Ever! 3 Surprise dinner//get-together//party, and VEGAS on Halloween <3 Thanks to everyone that made my 21st special!
<3 rain when I'm not driving in it!
sleep? who needs it
off to christmas in vegas with family <3
Heading back to LA :)
Happy New Year and Decade Everyone!!!!
a day of snowboarding = most exercise I've had all of break
aghhh almost christmas :DD
THREE DAYS TO CHRISTMAS!!!!!! <3 <3
Happy Hour w// the drawmates :D
is shocked at her grades, not as bad as I thought!
is sooo sick of douche bags! kick rocks bitches!!!!!
3 days clesased! woo!
is sooooo stressed out! argh...where is katie????
is getting ready to get crunk and party like its 1999! holla at a playa! LOL
not to be a bitch but...if i hear about one more celeb dying from drug overdose i'm going to fing lose it...get it together and act like adults...ridic
suggests everyone see harry potter and bruno! both great movies!!!
is not for the narrow minded!
keep hatin bitches...i'm just getting started! weeeee
s toenails look neon in the sun, but grungie in the shade...don't get yellow! LOL
is sooooo excited to see Mu Sochua speak today!!!
wants to do something fun!!! any ideas??
I've got a lovely bunch of coconuts, deedle-e-dee!
skipped the gym today, but is willing to make up for it by dancing!! going to mix! WOO
we've all done things that we are ashamed of...if anyone saw kanye on leno tonight well...he's not sooooo bad. :-)
Come on Cowboys!!!!!
is waiting for the progressive man wishing she were at the gym! :-(
wishing away my weekend so I can watch Monday night football!
COWBOYS WIN!!!
What the french is this tsunami business about!?!?
just realized I'm missing lovefest! wtf! :-(
*PROPNAME*: So... Saturday night, the big night. Date night. Saturday night, Sa-tur-day night! *PROPNAME*: No plans, huh? *PROPNAME*: Not a one. ~~HA HA HA HA HA!
i want to carve a pumpkin!
ready for a new day after a disappointing evening!
yeah buddy! cowboys!
why does everyone think the rain is time to play or walk extremely slow with their heads down....WTF!
oh yes its ladies night, and the feelins right! oh yes its ladies night, oh what a night...
i got that boom boom pow! lol lol lol!
what is everyone doing tonight?? i'm so bored.....
Out in Sacramento tonight! Starting at Badlands! WOO HOO!
biggest loser!!!! lol
ok...2 assignments and a midterm...then let the festivities begin! YAYYYYY!
school...back to real life! :-(
La Novia de Chucky...lol
my hangover + klonopin + gresy ass breakfast = festive events in me bed! :-)
Let's go Cowboys!
"and a britney song was on, and the britney song was on, and the britney song was on! so I put my hands up, they're playin my song, And the butterflys fly away, Noddin my head like yeah, Moving my hips like yeah" ~ oh yes, i went there!
mom: "so you're playing hard to get? me: "who's playin, I am hard to get!" LOL LOL LOL
should be studying but is being naughty! tisk tisk! LOL
davis is toxic...
Please fill out my survey at CA *PROPNAME* Survey Group!
feeling productive!! YEE!
just realized how much she missed all the girls! love you guys! XOXO
is trying to find a movie to wath online...any suggestions??
I am officially addicted to twilight! books and all!
restless...
irritated...
what is a gamora party??
:-DaaaaAAAAAHHHHH! tomorrow is the big day! SOOOOO excited!
1 pot of coffee + very little sleep = a spastic delirious pammy! wee
just saw a flash of channy's face on a commercial! YAY!
just experienced her first clarksburg light parade! LOL
time to study...all done tomorrow night! yee!!!!
being where I'm from, agricultural labor should be much more interesting to me...but, ughhhhhhhh! definately narrowing down potential career paths!
why do i choose to embarrass myself every chance I get? ugh.
i need another movie...damn insomnia!
is a wee bit disappointed! :-(
i'm on keeli's side...call me high school! LOL
omg...finally got the next twilight book...yay!!
HOLLER FOR GOOD GRADES!!!! woo hoo!
football and basketball at center court?
How bout them cowboys!!! YEE
Don't be tardy for the party! LOL
ummm...ouch...cool cousins christmas makes me worthless once again! best tradition ever!
OH boys...lets not be ghetto...
i believe i can fly! woo! i believe i can touch the sky! think about it every night and day, spread my wings and fly away! i realllllly need something to do right now! lol
new year...maybe some new hair...i'm thinking chocolatie brown!
getting ready to stalk taylor marsh...any hints would be helpful! LOL
trying something a little different...bringing in the new yar sober, hopefully it will be a reflection of the year to come! XOXO
most of my eyecandy is gone...time for a new gym! p.s. lost my phone! holler at me on here!
back to school, back to school, prove to dad i'm not a fool...
ugh...in a class with mostly 18 year olds, cursing myself for not taking com 1 my freshman year when i could've copied off of someone! damn it...lol
YAY!!! got my new phone!!! HOLLER!!!!
I find it odd that we're all just chillin on top of these massive plates floating on crazy hot elements that collide and shift. and all the while we stress these teeny tiny things...that's a pretty big picture! may god bless the people in haiti!
BEST TUESDAY EVER!!! done with dmv, getting my diploma in march, and getting off prob. early!!! YAY!
"it's raining, it's pouring, my whole life is boring, because of yooouuuuuu!" - if anyone beside weezie can name this quote i will be plesantly surprised
in mourning...what an embarrassment.
i wish it was summer, i want to go on a boat.
f* u raider fans! kick rocks!
oh sweet sweet monday, you treated me so well...
Today is an off day... thank goodness it's almost over! maybe some gym time at around 7:30 or 8? anyone... anyone?
oh time for little anna nicole to take a bath...i love when her little face gets more "concern" wrinkles! too cute!
stranded in the burg...someone come save me!!! lol
OMG!!!! LOST!
Tomorrow I officially stop having more fun! eek!
note to self...do not eat curvy pickles...they will squirt you in the eye when bitten into too feverishly!
wants to go to 2nd saturday right now!!!
lonely and bored! WAHHHHHH!
looking like this is going to be another sleepless night...dang it
is warm and blood free...oh sweet sweet life! lol
LOST b*tches!
gonna go try bikram yoga for the first time! this should be interesting!
officially EMPLOYED!!!!! YEE!!!!
Vegas until Thursday :)
Michigan and Chicago last weekend, Vegas next week, Milwaukee after that :)
I love Chic-fil-a. (And no, they are not my clients).
going to Milwaukee for the weekend :)
I need a name for my sewing collection - ideas welcome :)
Thanks for the Birthday wishes!
Had a great weekend in West Michigan.  Headed back to ATL for a few days.  Then I'll be back for *PROPNAME*'s wedding!
Homemade peach pie is done, now off to the pool!
unpacking
Sweetwater tonight! :)
Going to Twisted Taco at Perimeter tonight!
Are you going to the Big 10 Pub Crawl tomorrow in Midtown?
I'm on my way to Chicago for two days :)
new hobby: pillow shams :)
sewing a dress
At the Grand Traverse Resort - the bay is beautiful!
I have an abundance of Apple Crisp, Peach Cobbler and Peach Pie at my house - PLEASE HELP!
Back in ATL :)
Hanging out with *PROPNAME* :) Girls weekend!
pasta schmasta
Know anyone who can teach me how to knit and crochet?
Working from home is da' bomb.
Thai Chicken Pasta with Barilla Whole Grain Spaghetti - delicious dinner!
*PROPNAME* gave me a Christmas table cloth and dish towel! Now we have a Christmas tree and festive linens! :)
Watching Twilight :)
Cinnamon ice cream from scratch - just another day living with a culinary student :) *PROPNAME* rocks!
making a quilt
Headed back to ATL after a great weekend in Tampa :)
Chocolate covered potato chips - what will they come up with next! (They are so good!)
Christmasing :)
Going home tomorrow for *PROPNAME*'s bridal shower and Father's Day!!!
I love vacation. Tomorrow we're going to the beach :)
*PROPNAME* "Noel", Christmas slippers, hot cocoa, soft blanket, and a book. Just missing the snow!
Sewing again!
Back in Atlanta! There's no snow here!
My co-workers just 'bumped' - Love iPhone entertainment!
Traverse City this weekend, Detroit next weekend.  Fall in Michigan!
On my way to Chicago. :)
Headed back to Atlanta. Gasparilla was a hoot.
finishing my quilt today
Dearest Souper *PROPNAME* of Buckhead, Your chocolate cupcakes were heavenly. Hope to see you again for lunch soon!
Chicago on Monday & Tuesday, Orlando on Thursday & Friday and Tampa on Saturday & Sunday
is excited for July 3rd.
is rather enjoying her little vacation in Oshkosh.
Is getting married in a little over a month
isn't sure what to think about things.
is waiting for August 28th at 4:15. Horray for the beginning of the rest of my life!
has cold feet.
is terribly confused. It feels like my mind is warring with itself...
is thinking hard and excited for her new Xanga layout!
thinks pipe tobacco is way better than cigarettes.
doesn't know how to cope with all of this stress... I think I've cried about 10 times in the last 3 days...
continues to befuddle herself.
was NOT able to push her wedding date back to the fourth of September. The presiding judge was full-up. The date remains August 28th at 4:15.
is sick.....still. And possibly jobless in 2 weeks. That is, if no more positions open up for me at Wal-mart.
hopes that wal-mart hires her, now realizing her blouse was open during part of the interview.
maybe a kitty would be a good christmas gift for *PROPNAME*....
still getting over that cold from last week.... but hey at least everyone's laid off the "quit smoking!" bit....
is at home on her first scheduled day off. And I'm bored out of my mind.
is still rather fluish.
is thinking that the poor girls doing that "single ladies" are getting dissed too much. I've seen younger girls doing lewder dances with less clothes. Seriously.
would work a spell if not for the moon being void of course...
is sick and tired of people who comment on every SINGLE status update, no matter how INSIGNIFICANT. We've been here before, you know who you are.
is having a little boy!
bought her 2010 Farmer's Almanac today.... horray for not having to write down every single sunrise, sunset, moonrise, moonset, and void of course pattern for next year! wOOt!
stayed home from work to take care of her hubby. By the way, the yorkie babies are so ADORABLE!
thinks that she needs some numbers from friends.
needs someone to drink for her on Dec. 12th since I'm pregnant and can't... lol
6 more days.... I'm counting down! And bah on all you snow-haters. All I know is I don't have to shovel this year, thanks to my loving hubby. Thank you hubby :)
is still sick. Oh well.
hm, low-signal internet? works for me.
I don't want to miss this weekend, but i might have to.... shitty weather and my hubby can't work today.... I think I might cry cause I really, REALLY wanted to go..... why did I ask for snow? I only wanted a little!
Finally! Snow in Reedsburg. I'm so happy there's gonna be snow on my birthday!
just woke up to half an inch of snow and is so happy, she's going outside in her pajamas to sweep it off her porch! That's no sarcasm folks..... I'm really excited. :) 5 days!
is a little upset about the amount of snow, and hopes she gets enough birthday money to visit her parents this weekend.
Well, Reedsburg certainly has an interesting way of plowing the streets..... 2 more days.
feels 8 months pregnant.... but really I'm only 5 1//2.....
wonders if its just coincidence that mine and my best friend's birthdays are EXACTLY twoo weeks apart.
Classes start 1//26 at 1:30 pm. I'm so excited!
is eating stroganoff, waiting for her hubby to come home and then maybe some sleep.
6 more days.... I'm counting down!
The siren in Reedsburg keeps going off. It's not the normal noonblast siren, it sounds like an air-raid siren and continued for 10 minutes. Can anyone tell me how to find out what the damn things mean?
SLEEP>WAKE UP>EAT>MORE WALLS AND FLOORS!
wishes vampire wars didn't take so long to put monies and energy back to your character.
TAPS then bed....
Sends out yuletide greetings to all her friends! I love you all and have a very merry holiday!
More walls! More floors! I need to make the sims 2 even more amazing!!!!
Hopes no one else bought a baby book for *PROPNAME*... I'm up to three now!
Going to grandma b's for dinner, then to sheboygan falls tomorrow... .what a busy weekend
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes and the cards. You guys made last week special. :)
Greatly dislikes the USPS. They damaged my christmas card :(
4 days folks, then up to mercer with my son and my loving hubby. I love you, hubby :)
Had a wonderiferous birthday. :)
is drowsy still... at least I managed to get 8 hours of sleep last night... a rarity these days.
found out The Used put out a new album this past year. How did I miss that one?
is a little upset about not being able to get a good connection all day. I'll try again tonight....
Cody's car is GHEY.
work on the forum is done for today..... now time to get lunch for me, connor and the baby and watch Wall-E again.....
going to be another long and boring week. So glad i don't have to go anywhere for a few months after this weekend.
Wishes she could post her awesome playlist to gaia but can't figure out the coding for it.
actually got some good sleep for once :)
knows what connor got from her.... he is such a little drama king, screaming bloody murder at time-outs!
sleepy...... >.> Working on the forum.
ugh... i hate this. Why is sleep such an issue when you're pregnant?
hates facebook, the internet, and her monitor.
is unloved <//3
hopes they schedule her C-Section at her doctor's appointment on Wednesday.
Tommorrow, I turn 21. I'm super excited. And I can't wait for 4 pm to roll around..... Mercer, here I come!
It never fails... I go to lay my son down for a nap and someone inevitably begins pounding on something, making it impossible for him to sleep.
They got me.... those darn Zynga games..... so addicting.....
3//3//10 *PROPNAME* is coming!
i need a massage. Now. Any takers?
I should have gone to bed earlier than 1:30 am..... guess I forgot that *PROPNAME* was going to be up at 7....
hubby is sick, connor is crabby..... I'm just tired.
finally found out who got her hubby and kid sick... and is pissed that she didn't find out until her son started puking.
has discovered that is an AWFUL idea to sleep on her back.
Getting my son to take a nap is like pulling teeth.
well, my kid and *PROPNAME* are better now..... just waiting for it to hit me...
I WANNA PLAY GF!
I think my part of the RP forum is done... we will need some moderators so anyone interested please send a meassage to me on here and I will get you set up with an account and send a linky.... thanks!
Pali Tank FTW!
absolutely HAS to remember to call MATC and drop her class.
I'll be back tomorrow, I'll be back at a quarter to eleven. I'm half drunk and I can't see straight, I hear a zero with a capital "Z". You got me singing songs from the balcony as the city crumbles under the powers of an evil doctor rocket science monster with capabilities to destroy the entire universe.
PANTS ON THE GROUND! PANTS ON THE GROUND! LOOKING LIKE A FOOL WITH YOUR PANTS ON THE GROUND!
sleepy.......
TAX REFUND!
City of Angels hads reconfirmed my belief that *PROPNAME* is AWESOME.
is tired.
spent another sleepless night tossing and turning, only to get up at 9 am and deal with a kid who, I swear, has the loudest, most ear-piercing scream I have ever heard (and uses it). To top it all off, I got a call from the clinic saying that I'm anemic, and they want to put me on yet ANOTHER iron supplement that I can't afford. FTW.
going to the in-laws for dinner then home for the evening.
can finally be on the net at the same time as her husband.... hooray!
is feeling it. >.>
doesn't want every status commented on. once in a while is fine but EVERY status? It's starting to get annoying. You know who you are.
has a naughty son.
tried to shovel. It was a bad idea.
it's been a good week.
is feeling better after sleeping on clean sheets.
Tell me that you're all right, and everything is all right.
Only one level left on Grand Fantasia, then I am a Palidin!
had a great holiday. Hopes the new year will bring better luck....
new profile image..... and the funny thing is, now that i think about... *PROPNAME* IS a lot like *PROPNAME*.....
To celebrate Valentine's Day, change your  profile picture to you and your spouse//significant other, and make sure  to tell how long you've been together!
thinks both her and her husband have sleep apnea.
My net sucks big, hairy, red man-balls. ARGH!
I am the eggman, they are the eggman, I am the walrus! Coo Coo Cachu!
smells justice has been served. What goes around comes around, and it definately came around for you, *PROPNAME*!
is fat and happy :]
starting in sept!! =)
going to get fatter on a cruise with miss fatty
yay background check says I'm not a criminal
Congrats Dr. and Mrs. Tran!!
i BEAT the system!! speeding ticket is DISMISSED!! WOOT!
ty all for your birthday wishes!
does anyone need a really really big master bedroom in SD?????
My new froggies are so cute....names are *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*
bAwwwW at work late today....BBAAWWWWW!!
y dont you just set your profile to private? Both of you are spoiled girls....so your statements are invalid
@_@ turkeyday for me = a bunch of republicans coming together eating a huge feast and Obama bashing....its disgusting!
MMM should i get a PS3 to play uncharted 2??? MMMM!!!!
successful wedding!!!....Im so pooped and sleeping on the ground doesn't help! lol
Does anyone know how to install Office 2007 in LINUX using WINE ?
Forgot to take my cell phone to office.. to reach me (for today) send me mssg on Google talk or Facebook
Had the most random interaction with a stone drunk stranger!
Had an amazingly lazy and uneventful day... Saturday sucks!!!!!!!!!
Is history written or is it made??
Finally Internet at HOME :D
ONLINE finally!!!
Random girl (In a bus) : Are you half chinese?                                                               Me : HUH !!??????!!????
Migrated to Ubuntu Linux completely.
Funniest thing happen to Roman Polanski :D LOL
Listening to Hare Krishna ..just in case :D
Can anyone forward me an invit to Google wave???
First time: Had three shots of of Jack Daniels on the rock and than to the LAB
HERE IS A QUICK POLL FOR ALL OF YOU: HOW MANY OF YOU , AT THIS POINT IN YOUR CAREER, HAVE HELD MORE THAN 5 JOBS ?
Are thoughts and substance interchangable? Can we redirect our thoughts to substantiate anything that would be comparable to our physical surroundings and experiences ?
Football.. fun fun and fun
Events of the evening : Random lady at the bus stop : Do you know what "No. 11" beer is? Me: Is that a bus No. or a course No. Random lady : My lab mate said it is a good drink and I can et it here at WSU Me (Thinking) : Seriously ... of all the ppl u could have asked...why me??
Any comments on the simmilarity between SITA in Ranamayan and HELEN of troy?  Ceartive inputs are more than welcome!
Finally have a linux box that runs Office 2007 :)
Pigly-wigly diet soda !
Just got to know that my co-worker was going to call cops on me ,cause that person did not know that  I was new to the work place. Fun  huh?
EPIPHANY : Two shots of JAMESON'S can do WONDER'S to your experiments beyond your wildest imagination :D
Simplicity in our lives comes out of deep thinking
What happened to the good ol' days when we could fly and and get inebriated by just thinkin' about it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
20-26 NICE!!!
To those with interest in international politics and policy I recommend : "THE POST-AMERICAN WORLD" By *PROPNAME* 3.84
Our personalities reflect the the environments we have lived in the past, which would also largely determine the ones we might live in.
Anyone looking for google wave invits ?.. lemme know.
LIVE FROM MY NEW KICK ASS 64-BIT PC
Its CONSIDERABLY COLDER here at PULLMAN , WA, than East Lansing!!
Watched AVATAR and it was  :  1. A sort anti-pollution, green peace statement 2. A light heart warming love story 3. AND WHAT NOT TO DO DO WHEN WE ACTUAL INVADE OTHER PLANETS :D
An existence of polemic bad ideas can cause considerable damage to society.
Finally found " *PROPNAME* and His Flying Robot " ... anybody remembers this series
Watched 9 and. it was fantastic!
Merry Christmas to you ALL!
East Lansing : -21 C (feels like) Pullman : -14 C (Feels like) Damn you East Lansing.. I shall have my revenge!
Finally got my paper degree . Officially , I have graduated!
Saw 3 idiots.. It was refreshing. Even though it appered to me as more of a commentary on  our education system.  However, it painted a fairly black'n white picture.  But then .. its just entertainment :)
East Lansing : -16 C (feels like) Pullman : -10 C (Feels like)
"My god its full of stars"...ANYONE?
Watching a Godzilla movie... I almost forgot how much i missed them!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Heard *PROPNAME* after a long time.  Took me back to my ol' school and undergrad  days
Watching K-pax and njoying every momemnt of it
About to brew my first gallon of beer!
Well ain't that the cat's pajamas!!
Is it more funny or more funnier? I dunno use it in a sentence. It was just more funnier...
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do. ~*PROPNAME* ~
Lovin' the grace God has clearly been pouring out... :-D
Hmm, next weekend?
wishes she was as cool as *PROPNAME*, but... that'll never happen!  =]
im a monkey. i stink and pee freely often. yaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyy
I get $$$$
is done with work on Friday!! :-D
Just one final stands between me and NO CLASS WOOO!!
I am doing quite awesome, and I am very happy and excited about life but some people need to stop hijacking my fb...
is going to be a O&P practitioner...maybe :-)
Back in EL :-)
this one time i tried to punch lara and i accidentally scratched my face. basically i failed miserably.
Back in the E.L. :-)
Trying to figure out what to do with my life...hmmm suggestions?
Last day of work!! Any suggestions for wild and crazy celebrations??
Would you eat panda?
Making chocolate rasberry brownies...yum :)
Attempting to finish unpacking...arg
picking her nose. ooo gold rush up there!
is about to go to sleep at 9:30pm...old age is setting in
Thank you all for the birthday wishes :-)
What a beautiful day of football :-)
I love the fray!! .:squeeky voice:.
Classes are getting in the way of my college life...
AHHHHHHHHHH!!! Static fluid mechanics= death...
9:00pm V102...CABIN FEVER 2!!!!! Anyone is welcome to come...if you think you can handle it!!!!!!!!
9:02pm V102...CABIN FEVER 2!!!!! Anyone is welcome to come...if you think you can handle it!!!!!!!!
heheheh i'm rachel yayyyyyy!
*PROPNAME* is an L7 WEANIE
is an L7 weanie
It's been a good birthday :-)
is chowin on wheat rice!!!!!! dang, this stuff is soooo good :-)
moist moist moist moist moist moist moist moist moist... This goes out to all those people who are unapreciative of the word moist.  You make my eyes moist with all this hating...
Really likes *PROPNAME*'s status and feels the same way :)
Excited for Compelling 09!!! :]
Check it out... :-)                 http:////www.facebook.com//event.php?eid=275183520261&ref=mf
I'm *PROPNAME*, and I have a biiiiig green watch. It's so cool. Kinda like AmyO. I think she is the coolest person ever. I wish I were as awesome as AmyO.
Take my quiz. See how cool I am.
wants everyone to sign up for the Ski Trip (you dont actually have to ski on this trip. you could just come hang out.)!!!!! Right now. If youre sitting there saying, "Ski Trip? where? when? how do i sign up?" comment on this post and i will hook you up. i better see like 50 comments on this post when i check back tonight.
Excited to the maxx!!
**.:Welcome back Winter once again And put on your warm fuzzy sweater Cuz you'll feel much better when The snowflakes fall Gently to the ground:.**
Fixed her computer speakers!!! Feel free to send her sweet youtube videos :-)
Anyone needing a study break come check out the Baker's new music video!!!!
Most relaxing song ever... :) http:////www.youtube.com//watch?v=4f7tx25O9XM
rub-a-dub-dub
Please take a long hard look through your textbook, cause I'm history... Off on Urbana adventures!!! Back on the 7th- DUCES!!
Packing for Ur-ban-UH and the sunshine state =D
Energizer Bunny arrested, charged with battery, lol!! Love the cheesy jokes... :-)
bahahahaaaa!
Ohh finals week...Friday, please come quickly ://
Merry Christmas to all and to all a good night!! :D
I just got kamikazied by a kiss...wrapper
Anybody up for playing volleyball today??
Jk about volleyball...who wants to go iceskating tonight from 10-11:30 at munn??
"I have decided to stick with love. Hate is too great a burden to bear." Martin Luther King, Jr.
I LOVE JENN ARNOLD!!!!
Magenta :)
Missing summer and WWR... *tear
&hearts; *PROPNAME*
Contemplating the details of urban planning...
is sick of joint facebook pages. Be an individual for christ's sake!
T minus 7 days
is going to visit Warwick Castle in the morning and spend the afternoon in Stratford-upon-Avon... you know you're jealous :)  I am thoroughly enjoying my time in England (despite the tragidy of having my purse stolen on Saturday) and will miss it terribly
would really like to go back to Europe, please...
wants to go back to England :( Amsterdam just isn't my cup of tea...
ditto to charlie's status
really cannot believe *PROPNAME* and all the "birthers"... you have got to be kidding me...
ok, yes it's great that the Lakers won the championship, but there's no need to start fires and shake cars. East LA needs to calm the F down
got her iPod Touch back today (YAY!!!), complete with headphones and the addition of a few new apps, including the Koran, iPray, World War, and Brain Tutor. I'll let you do with that what you will... ;)
is feeling a lot better... slowing things down and taking a deep breath really does a world of good
Manpuku on Sawtelle is my absolute favorite restaurant.
going to the Edison tonight with my sister :)
sometimes, most of the time, life is too fast and too confusing for my liking...
is looking forward tonight's Top Chef Masters
and *PROPNAME* are gonna meet *PROPNAME* on Tuesday :D
absolutely loves the London police department. I'm getting my ipod touch back!!!
Thank you all for my wonderful birthday wishes!!!
Europe pictures are finally up! Come check 'em out... you'll have to find them on my actual profile not in my "photo albums"
nobody should have to work on their birthday, unless they want to...and I don't want to so I shouldn't have to :(
doesn't have to apartment hunt anymore :)
finding a place to live is ridiculously stressful
is looking forward to tonight!
looks like I finally caught whatever cold is going around. Packing and moving is even more difficult when you're sick :(
can walk to *PROPNAME*'s (and a myriad of other awesome places) from her new apartment :)
REALLY doesn't feel good and REALLY wishes her boss (who even acknowledged that I'm sick) would send her home.
excited about seeing The Used this friday! I bet nobody knew how hard I like to rock  :)
is temporarily upset with Obama for being in a commercial with *PROPNAME*.
had a really really good day
watch "The Age of Wal-Mart" on CNBC
No one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick. If you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day.
chips and salsa must be made with crack or heroin. What else can explain my addiction to it?
I know this is old news, but I don't think *PROPNAME* could be more annoying or less funny.
bored as hell...
loves myth busters. Now I can double dip all I want!
needs a drink...
I am wrecked, I am overblown...
how come every time I make a cake with whole wheat flour it ends up tasting like corn bread?  I like corn bread a lot, but I'm trying to make a cake that tastes like CAKE :(
is still in shock...
has done way too much driving and sat in way to much traffic this weekend
survived *PROPNAME*'s Scary Farm last night...for two... whole... hours...
goin on a cruise to Mexico!
mmmm lemon cake with vanilla frosting :)
doesn't feel so good :(
craves enlightenment...
has a job interview tomorrow, wish me luck!
is eating a huge bowl of piping hot homemade chicken soup... mmmm...
I have the worst sore throat and earache (now going on three weeks); and because health insurance is a luxury I no longer have, I am now in the process of trying every home remedy known to man.
the unemployed life is a strange one, I'll tell you that...
loves 3rd Rock from the Sun reruns
, after this weekend, kind of sort of maybe feels like she MIGHT want to move back to the IE...
wow... what a weekend
COME on Angels!
needs, wants, yearns.
hates it when she buys stuff at one grocery store, then goes to another store for something the original store didn't have, and finds that all the stuff she did buy at the first store costs less at the second store. Ugh.
is going to get off her ass and actually be productive today!
Comedy club tonight! Woot :)
Change your language to English (Pirate). Click on the English link on the bottom of your Home page. It's pretty awesome.
walked by a full IV bag (complete with hose) in the gutter outside my apartment...
is never drinking again
wishes her apartment had a heater :(
had an interview today. Crossing my fingers that I get a call (a good call) tomorrow!
and her friend really need a DD for tonight. Any takers???  :)
goin to the dmv... woohoo!
had a wonderful and wavy weekend on the big blue
where can I find current episodes of Top Chef online? (if they can be found online) I'm so behind :(
really wants to study at a library or coffee shop today, but nobody will want to sit or drink coffee next to a girl who's coughing up her lungs...
Happy Thanksgiving all!
loves the picturesque view from her bedroom window
what a gorgeous day it is
off to Paris in the morning!
needs something to do tonight...
really wishes she lived in England or France right about now
really wants to see Avatar...tomorrow...night... hint hint ;)
just got home from Riverside to find less than a block from my apartment: SIX cop cars, a HUGE congregation of police officers (some with guns drawn!), and a helicopter circling the area. I have no idea what's going on!
wants her stupid sore throat to go away already!
excited about volunteering tomorrow! and hopeful about my job interview
this cold ain't gonna keep me from line dancin my boots off tonight! YeeHaa!
"If we were never ill, we would not know what it was to be well. If we never knew hunger, we would take no pleasure in being full. If there were never any war, we would not appreciate peace. And if there were no winter, we could never see the spring."
is sick and wishes her mom was here to make her some tea and chicken soup...
, for the first time since she first arrived on facebook years ago, started to fill out the "personal information" section on her profile.
the times, they are a-changin...
money should never be the goal, only the byproduct.
is beyond pissed at *PROPNAME* right now...
is eating top ramen for the first time in a LONG time...
really wants to chop all her hair off... well, not all of it, just a lot of it...
is super excited to see *PROPNAME* today!!!
*PROPNAME* was AAAWWWEEESSSOOOMMMEEE!!!!!!! I would go see his show live over watching it on TV any day!
is boycotting NBC
the night wasn't a waste afterall :)
going Salsa dancing tonight... hope I don't embarrass myself  :)
doesn't like thunder :(
sometimes wonders (as much as I LOVE *PROPNAME*) if the whole NBC vs. *PROPNAME* fiasco is actually a ploy to boost ratings and get better guests for the tonight show... because, if so, it's working...
just got home after not having been since 4:30 to find a candle still lit on my dresser... oops...
The God I believe in is with those who suffer, doesnt punish those or create evil for those who are already suffering
started the day off right: with a big fat ticket from the #%$&*!@ Los Angeles police department...
finally watched the final episode of The Tonight Show with *PROPNAME*. It was amazing, and *PROPNAME*'s speech brought me to tears. I also loved hearing that he and I have something in common; cynicism is my least favorite quality, too Ill miss you *PROPNAME*!
It's a concept that represents a profound shift from how we think about money and satisfaction and the obligation of a government to its people.
finished her taxes  :D
needs to go to sleep now! going rock climbing in the morning (eek!)
desperately needs a job...
take a nap or go to the gym... what to do what to do...
two fire trucks just pulled up to the apartment building across the street. I'm assuming//hoping it's not an extremely urgent matter because the firemen weren't exactly running into the building, more like moseying...
had a wonderful night! hung out with some really great people and listened to some really great music!
"If it's true, if I am indeed addicted to sadness, I absolve myself of blame. Responsibility rests firmly with my brain. It is a flawed design. Worse than the 1975 Ford Pinto and just as dangerous."
wishes she was a football fan...
from urbandictionary: "She has the most beautiful eyes and hair.  She smells that of a fall evening, and her voice will typically seranade you." and "A really sexy, funny, smart girl that every guy wants. 'Damn, you lucky bastard, your gf is a total *PROPNAME*!'"  :D
might need to start figuring out what organs she can sell on the black market...
anyone know if and where the state of the union address might be viewable online? I've googled it but can't find anything, and I don't have tv so I didn't get to watch it live :(
new goal for 2010: write something for publication and actually have it published.
Yay blue skies!
just interviewed at an organization whose office is in the same building and on the same floor as the Production, Art, and Writing offices for Mad Men. Pretty cool :)
"...the event marked a major shift, what I might call a 'paradigm shift' if I were the kind of person who used terms like 'paradigm shift'..."
is glad hulu has the entire Strangers with Candy series... funny stuff
going to an underground art show tonight complete with art (of course), live music, drinks, body painting, and free pancakes :D  It's going to be quite an eclectic experience!
anotha day, anotha dolla
tryin to figure out what to do w. a plane ticket to NYC the 24th w. no one to hang out with. FML!
Deceiving others. That's what the world calls a romance.
Taking out my frustrations on 300 plus pounds of gravity motivated iron
well everyone I know has got a reason to say, you could put the past away
Tattoo on the lower back...might as well be a bulls-eye
Just trying to play 1 round of golf before this summer is over!!
thought some chick was hitting on me last night, but it turned out she was just getting my attention so she could make fun of me for being over 20 and still wearing Abercrombie. FML!
get a job sparkling wiggles...
I love PSU!
last day of work! f'in right doggie!
Round 2...
I've had better...
living in a haze...looking for the meaning of life and only finding darkness
is so much cooler online
Trying to learn how to build a cowboy hat out of a Natty light boxes
trust lies at the core of love; there can be no true love without trust
has been working all week, it's time to play gonna get a little bit sideways
wicked salacity leads to anger and frustration
you're not sure that you love me, but you're not sure enough to let me go
taking one step forward then 2 steps back...story of my life
another lonely night with nothing to hold on to but memories of better days...
exhausted
recovery day
ugh! in rough shape
Don't worry about the people in your past, there's a reason they didn't make it to your future.
she said, "you probably don't remember me," I said, "only every other memory."
she put him out, like the burning end of a midnight cigarette
This is the man cave, there's no women allowed in here. I got a jerk-off station for God's sake.
I got a feelin' that tonight's gonna be a good night!
we'll put a boot in your ass, it's the American way
Southside tonight...any takers?
let's get drunk and be somebody
just livin' the dream
Findin' a steady pay check for next year...
Lovin' this Hawaiian pizza!
I just wish I could take back that kiss. Because now I know... it was the taste of betrayal.
WHITEOUT!!
credit card roulette cost me $81.10...FML!
I'm better than ya ex, gonna be better than ya next
PSU loss, Steelers loss...my life is in shambles
IM football, Southside...life is good
<insert depressing, emo lyrics here>
PSU this weekend? obvi!...
don't think I don't think about it, don't think I don't have regrets...
Maybe we have to break everything to make something better out of ourselves
Football all day...that's what I love about Sunday's
Lovin' life!
shorty's like a melody in my head
Getting some much needed TLC from mom...and the trap is cleaner than ever, which is nice!
I-N-D-E-P-E-N-D-E-N-T, do you know what that means?
(801): You dropped me off at the wrong girl's house. (1-801): There's no such thing as a "wrong girl" make it happen. (801): alright see you in the morning.
CMU football...is there anything better?
ugh! rough weekend!
dying of dysentry...
WPT, yes please!
terrible night!
is trying to justify his CMU education in exchange for the PSU atmosphere...not really working
noddin' my head like 'Yeah,' movin' my hips like 'Yeah!'
Just got pizza delivered to my house in Pittsburgh by a chick I went to high school with in Coudersport...feel so much better about my life right now!
"I don't feel like watching football, I would rather watch a good movie"--*PROPNAME*....manhood in question
everyone is single if you're willing to try hard enough
PHI is callin' my name!
Ready for the long weekend
false alarm. still invincible.
State blows another opportunity...shouldn't have expected anything else...
I am officially the dumbest person in the entire world...my life sucks
Chi-town for the weekend!
False alarm...still invincible
Is it May yet?
Turkey Bowl at Beaver Stadium...sick!
i guess if that's what you're into...
Tailgating in the Wendy's parking lot is the new thing to do!!
LMFAO!
Lately I've been hard to reach, I've been too long on my own.  Everybody has their private world where they can be alone. Are you calling me? Are you trying to get through? Are you reaching out for me? I'm reaching out for you...
tryin' to keep the streak alive
To feel your pain, you feel mine. Go inside eachother's minds, just to see what we'd find. Look at shit through eachother's eyes.
Man date at Hokkaido...SMAAART!
scars heal, glory fades, and all we're left with are the memories made. pain hurts, but only for a minute. your life is short so go on and live it, cause the chicks dig it
needs a formal date for Friday night...stat!
Cleveland celebrating birthdays with the King, New Years in the 'burg, cruisin' the Caribbean....gonna be a nice little weekend!
I'm pretty sure there's a lot more to life than being really, really, ridiculously good looking. And I plan on finding out what that is.
85 and sunny in Jamaica, 82 and sunny in Grand Cayman....SMICK!
Puzzling my face off!
Women lie, men lie, numbers don't lie!
4 rounds of credit card roulette shots and never had to pay...love that!
Trapp mandate...dinner and a movie, does it get any better?
FML!!
Composing a script for greek sing....will most definitely be epic!
ridiculous!
hang on tight, cause it's gonna be wilder than any 8 second ride
Jammin' some *PROPNAME* on the new Trapp piano!
All the classy broads hit up half price wine night right?...
Best. Wedding. Ever. I LOVE YOU TO DEATH EM AND COL!
Who's gonna see the Harry Potter movie with me? The person who comes is still allowed to judge me.
is sick =(
34,865 Kleenex and some codeine later, Kea rejoins the world of the living...
took the first step toward developing a green thumb today. Windowbox basil, anyone?
Good god, vacation can't get here soon enough. Here I come sun, sand, fresh seafood, and pleasure reading!
Well, it finally happened: I bought a coffee so big it didn't fit in my microwave for re-heating. (Sub-status update: Go to bing.com for some major Boston pride ;-)
Enjoying the lovely golden weekend!
couldn't hate these new Gap commercials more. They are seriously the devil's handiwork.
s dream of a roof garden will not be dashed, gosh darn it!
is pretty inspired by how active (and cool) some of her geriatrics patients are...
So like, what's the deal with *PROPNAME*? I think I'm missing a basic understanding of this cultural phenomenon.
Did anyone else think it was obvious *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* were getting a divorce like 34 seasons ago?
Life is so good! Medicine rocks and I am so proud of my man for his stellar performance review today. Here comes the first Latino Microsoft CEO, watch and wait.
The roof garden is born! Will post pics after a dinner made with our very own herbs =)
hates saying bye to *PROPNAME*=(
Apparently, all it takes for me to go on a semi-psychotic, cockroach-killing rampage is two glasses of wine and a strategically placed Dansko.
Ok, the new *PROPNAME* & *PROPNAME* is kind of amazing. NOW who is coming with me on 10//22?
Very slowly meandering my way toward garden bliss. Does anyone in Philly have a patio umbrella they're trying to rid themselves of, by chance?
Days becoming so much shorter...
Hooked on Weeds without any way of getting my next dose soon. Damn you, Netflix instant queue and your empty promises.
If this societal obsession with vampires had happened while I was going through my "phase" in middle school, it really could have changed my life.
Good luck on shelves tomorrow, friends!
Out into the cool fall air for lots of mocha and a little studying.
never appreciated how good a dancer *PROPNAME* was until the recent marathons of Dirty Dancing. Kudos where kudos are due.
Anyone interested in joining me for *PROPNAME* y *PROPNAME* on Oct. 22 at the Electric Factory? Ticket are $35 =( but I'd go with good company!
s mind was just completely blown by the awesomeness of Zahav (Israeli restaurant here). Easily in the top three restaurants I've eaten at, worldwide. Go there. Now.
Enjoying the nostalgia of fall...
Hi, fall.
How about getting to bed early? Anyone want to jump on the bandwagon?
Forty-five minutes on a Rittenhouse bench, with a bag full of veggies and La Colombe mocha, really turns the day around =)
just had chicken McNuggets for dinner. This is a new low. And it's called "short call at CHOP."
Just burned out.
Q3 overnight call at CHOP tomorrow. Poopie.
forgot how much she missed House until she saw the premiere. Love it.
thinks it feels pretty fly to see her tiny shoots of arugula (and spinach, kale, and two types of lettuces) battling the odds!
Hm. Apparently running for the first time in months makes me simultaneously feel like horse $#!@ and want to devour a steak. Wasn't prepared for that.
How did fall completely slip through the crack between summer and winter?
Maybe I should have Bing'd whether staph aureus toxin is inactivated via boiling BEFORE boiling and eating the soup I left out for 24 hours.
*PROPNAME* at RitFit is my new favorite person. It's kinda nice to be cajoled into thinking you're "way stronger than you think" at doing bicep curls. And that's what I'm paying him for.
Just scared myself senseless by watching most of Dracula. I am such a bigger pansy than I used to be, back in my vampire-obsessed, middle-school days...
Sick day today =(
Weekends go by so quickly... =(
No wonder *PROPNAME* *PROPNAME* *PROPNAME* dumped *PROPNAME*. His song about her is HORRENDOUS, even for a 90s ballad. Now I understand that *PROPNAME* is a (marginal) step up for her. *Shudder*
had about 7L of insensible losses via mouth-breathing last night and woke up with a tongue the consistency of beef jerky. This viral URI can stick it up its tiny viral you-know-whoosy.
Holy crap. I am in love with you *PROPNAME* y *PROPNAME*. IN LOVE WITH YOU.
Turned the heat on, finally.
can't taste her food and is officially pissed at her URI.
Somtimes you just gotta laugh.
finally drove out the dust ponies. They were becoming too domesticated and needed to be set free in their natural habitat.
needs free and lazy costume ideas. The polls are open!
has 10 times more respect for *PROPNAME* after her crazy bra lady moves. Herioc indeed.
watched in shock today as a nurse on the bus poked and yelled at an old, disabled man for sitting too close to her in the section designated for old and disabled people. Wishing I'd said something.
Buy a Christmas//Hannukah//Kwanzaa//Solstice tree? Check. Get Step 1 books? Check. Start dinner before 10pm? Check. It's really amazing what we can accomplish when we're let out of surgery early!
Sunday blues.
I recounted my nap-dream to Raf just now. He recounted that he wanted to shoot himself in the face. Apparently the narrative was much more exciting and dramatic in my head...
Note to self: Trying to rekindle an old flame for string cheese is not well accomplished using low-salt, skim mozarella sticks.
Not only is Dracula good, but Batman Forever is still amazing. I had SUCH good taste in movies as a high schooler, holy crap! And now I like The Holiday?!
Christmas tree decorating. *PROPNAME* of the Bells. Potentially cocoa and//or holiday cookie baking. I am officially the worst Jew ever.
Is anyone else kinda suffering through this elective ranking process? I spent months obsessing over the exciting possibilities, and now all I want to do is avoid it...
Halfway done with med school and off to the Outer Banks for two weeks. Limited access to phone and e-mail, but will check when I can! CONGRATS classmates!
*PROPNAME* has officially caused my imminent failing of OB//GYN. I have spent a cumulative day reading "The Hunger Games" and its sequel, "Catching Fire" in the last week. And now I can't study because I'm pining for the final book in the series, which won't come out til August. Damn you, *PROPNAME*, and your cruel attempt to get me reading again!
Brokeback is officially the most depressing movie of all time.
Thank you, Case Files. If it weren't for you, I wouldn't know what to expect when undergoing "The Menopause."
Home sweet turkey!
Sunday. *PROPNAME* gone. And the person standing in line behind me at the minimart, who saw me paying with a bill that had a giant inappropriate anatomical figure on it, was a pastor. Of course.
Me: "Omg I am tired after two robotic-assisted laparoscopic hysterectomies with bilateral salpingoopherectomies. *PROPNAME*: "Awesome I did a fatakanicous dilopidous internal rectomy today too." I pity the fool who is forced to date a med student.
T-6 days til St. John and leaving *PROPNAME* til March. I just realized how weird this feels.
Mmm. Nothing like tea and Galetti to transport me back to early morning breakfasts in Florence.
"Cuz when the roof caved in and the truth came out I just didn't know what to doooo, But when I become a star we'll be living so large I'll do anything for youuuu...". On repeat. I don't care if this makes me a loser.
got a white Christmas of her own: hilltop house engulfed in a cloud all day! Thx for pulling through, St. John ;-)
Santa must LOVE me; St. John bound in T-11 days!
If there had been a real fire tonight, everyone in my building (including me) would be burned to a crisp right now because apparently a fire alarm isn't enough to lure us from our dens.
wishes the weekend would never end =)
Waiting for a batch of homemade peppermint bark to set in the fridge to help ring in the New Year! Suck it, Williams Sonoma, with your exorbitant prices!
wouldn't mind if a Philly, NYC, or Boston friend posted pics of the snowy city to FB! C'mon, give a girl a white Christmas =)
Kea: For the love of God, I am begging you to return those heinous Brooks Brothers shirts. *PROPNAME*: Well your face is heinous. And I don't ask you to return THAT. (Just another morning's playful banter between someone studying for Step 1 and someone fighting off an awful cold...)
Finally caved and saw Avatar. As I suspected, real life now looks bland and 2-D. =//
just canceled out the vote of an obnoxious, be-cashmere-scarved prettyman chanting "*PROPNAME*, hare krishna, *PROPNAME*" in the middle of Starbucks. Health care for all!
Here's hoping the House and Senate can reach some sort of agreement...
Almost just passed out in the library trying to test my Valsalva//baroreceptor//HR reflex. And no, my reflex is NOT intact, thankyouforasking. Frick!
is officially more than halfway done studying for Step 1. Yikos.
just completed her night cheese ;-)
would rather be potting. Even after 10 hours in the studio this weekend...
s library nemesis has answered her pine nut brittle with chips, a paper lunch bag, and a thinly-veiled apology for his "snack attack." Touch, library nemesis, touch.
just found a blue rubber band in her pork wonton.
Really, USMLE World? You really want me to know which growth factor receptors have intrinsic tyrosine kinase activity, and which ones need JAK//STAT for signal transduction? I poop on you.
I hate to disappoint you, but my rubber lips are immune to your charms.
1. Kea: a) one who has an excessive amount of cool b) a verb showing that someone is doing something sick c) a person filled with self-loathing for actually following this FB fad
Meh.
Ok, *PROPNAME*. You only get to name ONE disease with a name that ridiculous. Come on!
can't decide if it's good or bad that med students score worse than a monkey randomly choosing an answer for some of these USMLE questions...
just typed "loves 30 Rock so much it hurts sometimes" into the FB search box. I think I'm hemorrhaging brain cells at this point.
Had a dream last night that I defied the laws of the space-time continuum. Isn't that like the holy grail of dreams?
Who dat?!
Seriously going insane. Actually wishing I could move up my date to spare myself the psychological nightmare of last-minute USMLE studying.
thinks one of her library nemeses is trying her own emergency tactic on her, namely, faking a horrendous cough to drive others away. Oh, it's ON, bitch!
caved.
I was never a huge Michael Jackson fan, but for some reason I can't stop thinking about how sad I am that he passed away...  I can't believe it.
mad river & uncle Fatty's tnite, Rockit tmrw, Spain next week!!!! :D
The world seems a lot different without one of your closest friends... unbelievable!  He was awesome.
Me + Exams = Epic Phail ~.~
*begins chanting in an unknown language with warcraft music playing in the background*
Is gonna get his own laptop soon (tomorrow) >.> Finally... after all these years... waiting... for my revenge!! (on the online world that is) :O
After spending time on watching Code Geass instead of doing my PW... I realised... that is was soooo worth it... Best Anime Show Ever... Fuck The Ending... ugh...
ITS OVER 9000!!!@#$%^&!! :D
Believes that life is like the open sea, and truth is the wind in our sails. (no wonder I'm not moving)
I suck!
Just experienced water rationing. It was fun. It's what happens when construction workers screw up and break the water pipe for your block... LOL (no water the whole day today and tomorrow) :o
Just had an awesome Friday. Like, Seriously... haha
SongRocxzxzxzxzzx
I have to run, run to the moment that set me free. I need to know why I hear the sound... the sound of my dream -
Nothing comes to my mind...
Realised that he is actually a Virgo... lol
There is no emotion; there is peace.  There is no ignorance; there is knowledge.  There is no passion; there is serenity.  There is no death; there is the Force.
Thanks to some random person in my class having H1N1, my exams have been postponed for like... A ENTIRE WEEK!!! So now... Back to Warcraft... and imma panic later XD
Needs to wake up...
needs to change...
is now even less likely to study because fortune teller genius told him that he didn't have to >.>
Loves the rain, it makes him feel better for some reason... good bye suicidal thoughts, hello happy ones ^^ MOAR RAIN PLZ!!!!! D:
Needs to stop consumption of harmful substances ... but can't D:
Thanks everyone, for the birthday wishes, appreciate it (:
wants the world to hurry up and end already.....
Reflecting upon an entire week of school break: - Good News - I cleaned my room! - Bad News   - That was about the only beneficial thing I did the entire week..... Conclusion: I'm sooooo screwed..... >_>
He who has not found something which he would die for has no right to live.
After 3 hours of online reading and research, I have diagnosed myself to have a type of Red-Green colour deficiency, under Anomalous Trichomy, called Deuteranomaly.  LIFE SUCKS! ...
So many words and faces... So many different voices... Where do they lead...
I love chaos, for most are consumed by it, blind to its hidden beauty, allowing me excludibility to revel at its magnificence.
I officially have got nothing to do ... at all... like... seriously...
Weak hearts faint, When troubles rises. Brave hearts soars, Steals all the prizes. False heart, it shrinks small in peace. And finds in fear, no sucrease.
It has been confirmed... I'm going to poly! >=D Now... to find a job while I wait... >.>
The americans have forgotten that they were once terrorists to the british ~
Can't believe he overslept today... of all days... ~.~ The Day of Reckoning is at hand! XD
never thought that he would see the day where he would wish for failure.
The world is so desperate nowadays that the promise for peace can win a man a Nobel Prize. Let's hope that he keeps his word.
I need to get a shirt that says, "I don't speak Chinese!" ... Like... seriously... ._.
needz moar!
Trust should only be given to those who truly understand its value.
Let's see... we've had typhoons in pacific asia, and now heavy flooding in the UK, bushfires in Australia, Landslides in Turkey, Volcano Eruption in Colombia, New mutation of H1N1 that's resistant to tamiflu, and a whole lot of violent human related killings, while here in Singapore we complain about water reaching our ankles... WTF?!
When you start debating to yourself on the mechanisms of magic, you also subconciously debate as to the strength of your hold on reality. Conclusion: Fantasy is addictive. O,O
No sense makes nonsense, but nonsense makes sense. So what then is nonsense, in a world without sense? O.o
It's amazing how easily you can find aunties that speak both Malay & Chinese but not english...
Me, myself, and my computer. Deja vu
had a - has a fever. Got stuck in a jam at orchard road. After the jam, bus broke down. While waiting at a new bus stop, two busses drove by without stopping. Ended up taking four hours to get home. God is Evil.
is finally on a Role Playing World of Warcraft Server! All aboard the Fantasy train! >=D
No more TV mobile Next year... I am sad... D:
"But I don't want to go among mad people," Alice remarked. "Oh, you can't help that," said the Cat: "we're all mad here. I'm mad. You're mad." "How do you know I'm mad?" said Alice. "You must be," said the Cat, "or you wouldn't have come here."
Women speak because they wish to speak, whereas a man speaks only when driven to speech by something outside himself -- like, for instance, when he can't find any clean socks...
Watched Inglorius Basterds on Blu-Ray followed by Avatar in 3D and is feeling soooo Epic. Dayum.
New philosophy for 2010: If it makes you feel good, then I say do it.
WoW Patch 3.3 is out... It's titled, "Fall of the Lich King" ... WHY MUST ARTHAS DIE?! OH GOD WHY?! T-T ((Then again... Yay for Justice! ^^))
is cutting his hair bald -
A break from the norm in the wake of this storm is the strange sound of silence as I wait to be born
Well, according to my parents, when I was like 6, everytime my sister tried to call me 'abang', I'd shout at her and say, "Brother!! Not abang!!" At least now I know why I never got anywhere with malay >.>
There was a staff meeting earlier today... When everyone was gathered, attention focused on the manager, I heard the Godfather soundtrack start to play over the speakers... just before the manager started speaking... Coincidence? I THINK NOT! >.>
I made an oopsie :>
There's this guy at my workplace who only speaks chinese. We communicate through hand signals and inferrence on my part. At first, I just thought that he was really friendly, brotherly love and all that. Then when the aunties saw him smiling at me, then told me in english, "He's Gay." Now I'm scared O_O
Something Wicked This Way Comes... ... o.o
Quote of the day: "Sex is a weapon the girls use to defeat us!" - Random Primary school boys who were sitting behind me on a bus... lol
Is sooo screwed for his promos..... Good Bye JC Life... ~.~
I have got loads of naturally white hair, am easily fatigued, suffer from the occasional backache, and am now growing a nice round tummy, apparently. I'm getting too old for this...
Was stuck between reality and a dream...unpleasant.
Let's go to Italia~~
Is going back to the homeland
"Oh my God dude, doing 5 tomorrow is going to feel like sex!" --*PROPNAME*
Asleep with open eyes.
The love of my life: repeat 800s on a sunny day.
"Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment." --Buddha
Driving to nowhere. Accompanied only by the pitter-patters of rain on my windshield.
"We Americans think you have to accomplish everything quickly. We're the country of thirty-minute lunches and two-minute football drill...[we need to] slow down and make building relationships as important as building projects."  --*PROPNAME*
I declare myself a mercenary. Have a job? I'll get it done.
...wow...
Is back
38 miles last week, more this week, lifting despite the soar screeches on my muscles. My body hates me right now...
It might be time for one last great adventure, a minimum 13 hour plane ride away.
My cat squeaks when he stretches.
Feeling Hypnotized.
There's just something about those cold winter nights.
Born three times.
This year, and especially fall has definitely established a theme for itself. Seriously Higher Being, watching a dark comedy may be fun for you, but I can assure you that living it is an entirely opposite experience.
Goals for the next 11 months: (1) Rock the fuck out of the LSAT (2) Run under 3 in the marathon (3) Get into a baller law school (4) Buy a BMW Z4 (5) Laos, Vietnam, Cambodia anyone???
Just ran 18 miles....
My new philosophy: study and get ripped. Fuck everything and everyone else.
Marathon in a few days O_O.
Thanks for the support guys! We did it.
"Sit back and curiously observe the ride. You're not going to enjoy it, but it is going to take you somewhere." --Me under the inspiration of some lost muse.
Long long long day
Going running down a trail of bright oranges and yellows.
Pop Rocks are the shit.
Yay for adventures.
A little tanner, great times, and now very current on hip-hop.
Thanks for all the birthday love everyone!
Had a ridiculous time in Holland with his boys *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*. Now he needs some shoes, some finances and a hike up the highest mountain in Poland.
Is in Holland baby!
Real Talk.
Found a feather sticking out of his Wendy's chicken nugget....at least now we know it's made from a bird right?
I guess there's still some hope. A stranger helped me out today.
Saw a shooting star on number seven of eight 800s.
In a cafe...again, doin what I always do.
is taking a nap and dreamin of *PROPNAME*
is going on a road trip to CO! wish me luck
is looking for someone to watch a movie with...possibly *PROPNAME*?
is going to have rocky mountain dreams
wants the "22kt gold star trek commander Spock card" in the ad to my right.
is very angry that she cant figure out how to get pictures up of my super awesome colorado trip
wants to escape
is wondering if anyone from the burbs is going down to u of i this weekend? party before the youngins start class?
hates being sick... wheres my miracle cure? please send if you find it
is taking advantage of dollar pitchers at the public house... call to join me on this awesome deal
is desperately bored..entertain me please
went camping and canoeing for the weekend :)
is going to be a great SIU groupie
has a 2X2 bruise from falling at legends...largest i can remember ever having. ow
anyone doing anything earlier tonight? call me im lonely :)
can't believe shes not returning to the u of i
is loving that The Santa Clause with tim allen is on tv, great 90s classic
is wondering what everyones doing tonight.. and can i invite myself? lol
never thought helping with burning gift wedding cds would be so terribly difficult
woke up to the terrible olympic news :(
is so careful, i cant move
great weekend filled with tailgating, wine trails, and lots of laughs!
is bored in her own home... come and save me
is watching obama represent Chicago2016... fingers crossed for tomm afternoon!
tryed to buy a car at LISTED price and still couldnt... i dont understand the car industry
have to admit... zombieland was pretty good
just bought her first car, 2006 mazda3 only 15000 miles!!! kinda worrying that somehow somethings just gonna fall off of it, great price for a car that someone oviously never drove.
what are other sites to look for a job (other than the obvious monster and careerbuilder)........????
anyone have my gray wool coat? or remember the last time you saw it last night.... opps
loving the drunk messages i got tonight! hilerious.. love my friends
i have 8 invites to give out to Google Wave. write your email if your interested in being part of the first to get accounts!
left her purse on the train yesterday and it was given to the lost and found!! makes me still belive in the goodness of people.
would love a rainbow race right now! :(
can see the strike at u of i on the quad cam... first good use of this thing
U of I or Bust! call me if your in chambana please :)
i am uneligible for car insurance bc of the other people i live with... great
has a farmers tan
went into the shower with my new watch..oops
is excited for the best holiday of the year... Dranksgiving at the Dupage Inn. call to join the festivus
ballydoyles trivia tonight? call if your in!
finds it funny that the rule of the road change to survival in the snow storm
is wondering whats happening for the weekend
ballydoyle trivia tonight at 9 ish, call if your interested!
It's WAYBACK WEEK! Everyone change your profile pic to a throwback picture of yourself when you were young!! Let's have fun and get everyone to do it. Copy and paste this to your status!
being sick is terrible
heading to the Paign for tomm night... better be ready
"beer bong for my lady?" what gentleman are on the wisconsin river
You want to play house you got to have a job. You want to play nice house, very sweet house, you got to have a job you don't like.
beach, beach, beach!!!!!! :]
:]]
aawww, i feel like shit.//
ahhh work is sooo slowww:[[[
haha, poor richie, richie, richie:]
:] ahhh, love it
workk sucks:[
let's just fucking rage and hit her in her face! HRA%#(HS
what a good day! ahh i'm so excited:]
another double shitf! oh joyyy:] can it just be 1am already?
is not a paitent person and finds this super annoying.
everythign but the rain :D
"don't trip, know i'll always be by your side. keep your chin up and smile. stay positive, it is what it is..oh my oh my, look on the bright side"
canteen grill then lazy dog cafe then maybe ucla? idk see you tonight bradley!!! :]]
HAPPPY HALLOWEEN!!!!!!!! time to celebrate
canteen then lazy dog then samba universal!!! :] go! go! go! go!
come visit me at work i'm sooo bored! ://
party's off guys,lake show and unborn
how do you play poker?!
hahhhahaha
chicka boom boom
I need to find something meaningful to do
hello ochem, please love me
hrmm
wee xmas!
i want to sniff yur armpits!!! =o)
what school week is this?
is wondering how many people know that the United States' Independence Day is actually the day that they published the Declaration of Independence, not the day they signed it into law.
wishes that someone would ask her what she wanted to do for once, instead of having everyone just tell her what they want her to do. : //
is hoping this week will be better than the last.
I seriously wonder why her body decides now of all times to get sick.
is excited for the long weekend and the first football game of the season! Go State!!
is glad the week is pretty much half over.
"Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former." -Einstein
it will be a long week....
R.I.P. *PROPNAME*, you will be missed...
is excited! I just bought tickets for the Izzone Reunion game.... going back to relive the good ol' days!
cannot express how glad she is that it is finally friday.
"MSU caught a wolverine. They hit it with a shovel and painted it GREEN!" Lol!
Whats with all this white stuff??
needs to just calm down, take things one step at a time and remember that its her life and nobody else's.
"I think we should give our new logo to U of M, it should probably be able to coach their football team better than RichRod." LOL... seriously
Going off to kick my own ass at the gym once more.... For better or worse, this type of masochism is highly addictive
I'm a facebook noob...
Has a fever of 102 :(
is going crazy from editing CSS files.
Aion, I think that might be my next MMO addiction...
If you can teach your parents computers, you can teach anyone.
Whats the point in re-directing downloads?
So much work, so little time...
Why does firefox crash at the most important times?!
Owl City - electronica, pop, alternative.  What a great combination. Plus, their album is actually good unlike half the songs on the radio.
why does it seem like im always online these days?...
beach?!?
if your a girl and you haven't seen the miniseries North and South (BBC) you need too!!
Dear planes,  Please stop crashing, I'd like to go on a trip to Ireland without dying on either flight.  Thanks, *PROPNAME*
nm... out for a walk to the PIER! llame to make the walk go faster... or to come along :)
yeah... i'm in the american executive!! woo
according to Japanese scientists.. humans glow!! i KNEW it!! :)
okay fine... i'm going, i'm going...
the Ugly Truth was fantastic!
no really... I'm watching *PROPNAME*.
lovin the warm windy HB weather in my backyard
my hair is turning black!!!
read harry potter 7 cover to cover in a day just cuz
hungeeee!!
is at the beach at 30th st in newport... come join! give me a call or just show up! :)
oh god... baby next door wont stop crying grrrr!!
so one day, I'm going to ride a horse (Fresian to be specific) over some majestic rolling hills and *PROPNAME* is going to run behnind me with a boombox blasting epic music... i can't wait
sigh... Debussy... always puts me in agood mood
stimulated the economy yesterday... there goes 100 on makeup... now next on the list... somewhere to go all dressed up
I'ma gonna watch you break it down and dance.
sooo, this essay....
tear :`( really?...
the unknown is NOT fun. Ya'll are crazy for thinking so. lol
will complete seaon 3 and 4 of Kim Possible by tonight :)
LOVES *PROPNAME* Day <3 <3 <3
is on a tour of Asia. Burmese Saturdays, Japanese Sundays, Mongolian Mondays, Thai Tuesdays.... suggestions?
i think its unholy to be up at this hour twice in two days....
anyone have a place i can put my car during the football game? our house is doing football parking so its getting kicked out :( poor thing
eating seaweed.... wow.. thanks berkeley... what have you done to me
getting down with the Soweto gospel choir
Babbbbyyy you've got what it takes!
Though (*PROPNAME* < *PROPNAME*) they both = amazing. <3
really into *PROPNAME* right now
Guess how old I am in my profile photo
all of a sudden I'm really REALLY excited for Christmas <3
stomach wants to kill me ://
is OFFICIALLY nominated to the Peace Corps!!
Christmas tunes have started!!
House is addictivly depressing
"I want your love and  I want your revenge" "You and me could write a bad romance  " "I want your love and  All your lovers' revenge  " "You and me could write a bad romance"
Watching X-Men cartoons at home..I think I could do this for the rest of my life
omg.... peopleofwalmart.com
I have *PROPNAME* on the brain. ugh... one of these days I will remember to write about a topic other than intellectuals in colonial eras.... UGH
I really want to watch Gladiator right now
why yes I do lipsynch to the Soweto Gospel Choir in Zulu
President Obama -- fighting wars in two countries -- will arrive in Norway on Thursday to accept the Nobel Peace Prize.... Amusing CNN headline
Come to the J.S. Bach Magnificat at noon tomorrow at Hertz Hall!!
Mister Squiggles, the light-brown version of the hamsters, has unsafe levels of antimony.
Please choose ONE of the options and then write an essay in which you offer an argument so brilliant, so insightful, and so well-supported that political analysts around the globe are left astonished, humbled, and shaken (if not stirred).   - I <3 you *PROPNAME*. This is the best prompt ever.
Way to go young people, our contribution to society? "Unfriend" has been added to the OED.
"history must concede that he was in the exceptional position of a self infatuated man who happened to be right" --- the entertaining things i find while researching
FAIL. Instead of writing bspace.edu I wrote facebook.com
I wish everytime a camera circled around my chair a month went by. (See New Moon and You understand)
does not want to go back to berkeley.... well except for friendzies <3
is a Teach for American 2010 Corps Member!!!  (Southern Louisiana, Secondary Biology)
Grandma and I had a fight yesterday about whether the owner of the restaurant sounded like Blanche or Rose from the Golden Girls. Good Times. <3
*PROPNAME*
When sending your Christmas cards this year please take an extra one and send it to this address: A Recovering American Soldier c//o Walter Reed Army Medical Center 6900 Georgia Avenue NW; Washington, D.C. 20307. If we pass this on, think of how many cards our wonderful wounded military will get. PASS THIS ON TO ALL YOUR FRIENDS. (JUST COPY AND PASTE TO YOUR WALL)
is at jury duty ugh
New Years Resolutions 1) To become Kim Possible 2) To get a pony
fun fact... the foremost creationist advocate got his phd in bio chem from berktown
in Big Bear until Friday call me if you need me
so not cool with the fact that *PROPNAME* (who is 34 btw) is getting married to a 22 yr old argentinian model... exuse moi *PROPNAME*, I happen to be 22, you didnt have to look that far.
today was a new day then promptly ate 2 sees candies
insecureorama
Hello My name is *PROPNAME*, Human Cyborg relations... :) <3 to fam for actually watching the film with me last night... classic!!
teaching myself ALL of AP bio and 4 years of an education major's knowledge in 2 days booyah!
made mochi and red bean
are you kidding me... there is a book about how mr darcy is a vampire? really? okay you convinced me.... i'm reading it
His Royal Highness Fluff n' Stuff IS the perfect name for a pony!
Obama got the Nobel Peace Prize the same day that we bombed the moon... interesting...
GO BEARS!!!
Anyone interested in Seeing *PROPNAME* at the Nokia Theatre on the 28th of Feb?
yesssss, josh groban has a solo in the new "we are the world recording".....
why is it that whenever there is a pig butchered in Europe there are always drinks and snacks? - *PROPNAME*
I really REALLY REALLY want to be a Star Fleet officer. I have since I was 5 and I still do.
re: the completly redone monopoly game's utter potential failure:  So far, the Internet echo chamber's biggest criticism focuses on the new version's tight security. It seems that when it comes to Monopoly, *half the fun comes from cheating by stealing from the till when nobody's looking*, a loophole the new version closes with its fancy electronic banking.
I <3 My Garmin Forerunner
I honestly don't know who *PROPNAME* is.
PASSED my Praxis exams with flying colors!!! Thank you *PROPNAME*'s notes for that recognition of excellence on the PLT 7-12 :) <3
In Berkeley hit me up to hang out :)
why yes I am listening to the Backstreet Boys' new CD and cooking fudge. .... soon, I'll get a cat.
got a doggie!! what to name it?
prefers swimming in Lake Tahoe to staring at it on her computer desktop :)
wishes she could give her dog a huge hug right now.  Dog lovers: read "The Art of Racing in the Rain"
hey friends! did anyone leave a fake (but extremely real looking) gun in my car?
is speechless from the flowers sitting on my desk.  can't stop smiling.  I honestly don't know how I got so lucky
TAHOE TIME!
in the studio.  listening to amazing musicians record an amazing film score. so proud of my genius composer boyfriend!
has a crush on the birthday boy...
MAUI. so happy and warm and thankful :)
longest day ever?  Full day in hawaii + red eye flight to LA followed by 15 hours of rehearsal for The Sing-Off.... it's time to SLEEP!
is drinking tea and Emergen-C like it's nobody's business.  I refuse to be sick any longer!!
Tonight! NBC at 8 pm! The Sing-Off is ON and I am freakin excited!
Wow, I am blown away by how supportive everyone is!! THANK YOU! 2nd episode tonight at 8 :)
is back in LA! back at work! back to 75 degrees and sunny!  and yet, missing the single-digit temperatures of chicago....
is having a little bit of a post-haircut freak-out. (it's so short!! ah!)
woke up in Chicago :) Happy, healthy, wonderful new year, everyone!!
family in LA! let the restaurant adventures begin!
just made amazing pineapple curry jasime rice!! jealous??
(viral) social experiment: if you read this, even if we don't speak often, please post a comment with a memory of you and me - anything you want, good or bad or silly or sad. When you're finished, post this paragraph as your own status... you'll be surpri
misses her baby soooooooo much!!
ATTENTION JERSEY PEOPLE!!!..........Montgomery County Animal Shelter is closing tomorrow. You can adopt for free tomorrow between 12-4. They will be euthanizing all animals without a home!!! Go & save a life!! 30 cats and 80 dogs left. please re-post!
Thanksgiving at our place!! We eat at 5:00pm!! We would love to have you!! : )
on my way to 60 degrees and rainy. yay.
Nude.
Been thinking about adopting a pet?? Chihuahuas arrive at the Manhattan ASPCA Wednesday Jan 13th from 12-7pm. Chichis are the PERFECT city dog, so loyal, extremely loving, highly intelligent with tough new york personality. THEY ARE AMAZING!!
only the cool kids are on facebook at 12:30 on a saturday night. : )
Just gave *PROPNAME* a big piece of chicken out of my pasta, totally forgetting I just loaded it down with cayenne pepper!! She's still at her water bowl. Good lord, the gas that is to come while I'm sleeping... (I'm so sorry baby!!)
I've lived in this place and I know all the faces Each one is different but they're always the same They mean me no harm but it's time that I face it They'll never allow me to change'
To see you when I wake up Is a gift I didn't think could be real
Had an incredible night...from now on if ur looking for me on a tuesday night I will be at the derbs : )
There is never enough time to do everything, but there is always enough time to do the most important thing'
Definately maybe : )
wants to curl up and watch movies all night : )
wondering if I've got the strength to get through this one : //
Help me remember --*PROPNAME*
GOT A JOB!!!! yesssssss : ) : ) : )
crawling into bed and sleeping for 500000000000   years..... <3 vegas
: )
Cos all of the stars are fading away Just try not to worry youll see them some day
Thinking a downtown sb visit for halloween might be very necessary : )
Ata motseh chen b'aynai
It's our god forsaken right to be loved <3 <3 <3 <3'd
Cooking up a storm <3
On a mission to go back home for the world cup!!! Anyone know how to not make it a mission? haha... South Africa here we come <3 <3
bit my nails through that whole game... a wins a win though : )
True life: two young people believe that love can only be achieved with multiple partners...huh
My pin: 24797c05
No work tomorrow! finally...time for a great night and a morning of sleeping in : )
My pin: 24797c05
My intention is to go to your damn school...why do I need to write a whole essay telling you that!!!
Thank you so much for all the bday love, I'm a lucky girl : ) come to the DERBY tonight to celebrate!!! call or text if you have questions <3 <3
Poor chargers
To see you when I wake up is a gift I didn't think could be real'
Wow I'm a very happy camper : ) I think an SB visit is in order NOW..katie no comments hahah <3 <3
This is NOT funny. tornados do not exist in orange county, they just dont.
Only made it back to olympic from school...i like : )
Not going to work today...i have a laker game to watch, very important. priorities, priorities.
Define me urban dictionary "The Most wonderful person in the World. Kind, Sweet, Loving, Caring, Gentle. Perfect in Every way. The one you love for all your life. Crazy hot girl. Beautiful, smart & funny; *PROPNAME* posesses atributes absent in 99.9% of women. Truly a lucky find. Plus she rocks. The most wonderful drug in the world, better know as lortab. taking the pill may cause a sense of euphoria, & well being." hahaha
"Distance is just a test to see how far love can travel"
3 more days until santa barbara!! Its gonna be a phenomenal weeekend : )
Just learned about how succe$$ful I will be, very shortly : ) dont be jealous, you get what you give
Beautiful ceremony for a beautiful person. You will be missed and loved forever but never forgotten. Rest peacefully <3
haha... too bad I don't know my own schedule... let's try work till 6:15 then something with the fiance :)
work till seven, then something with the fiance... :)
work till 7 and looking foward to spending time with the love of my life tonight and maybe even sharing a delicious meal of the new volcano nachos from taco bell. haha.
is making an attempt to brief a few cases while waiting for *PROPNAME* to get off work so she can talk to him... I think I'm actually going to like law school, but I wish my love could be here with me! I miss him :(
little more reading, chatting with my love, then sleep... :)
Finishing up packing, then heading to Richmond.
Only two more days at home, then off to Richmond on Tuesday.  Where did the time go!?
had a great day... working on piddly stuff... shower... waiting to talk to *PROPNAME*.  :)
thinks it's wild that after all this time she still misses *PROPNAME* like crazy just for the two of them to go to work!  What am I gonna do when I leave for school!?! ahhh..
hunting license = $18, case of shells = $21, getting to hunt opening day of dove season with my love = priceless.  Awesome weekend, miss my darlin' already.  Now it's school work time...
Surprise!  Mama and Daddy are coming up and bringing some of my things!  Good thing I got up early and managed to be very productive this morning.  Now, getting ready and spending the afternoon getting partially moved into my apartment.
briefing cases for property while I'm waiting for *PROPNAME* to get off :)
work 12-7...
long day of classes//library time... but.... *PROPNAME* is coming to see me tomorrow :)  So everything is good.
watching Valkyrie, then sleep....  glad derick is off for a while after tonight!
waiting on my darlin' to get here.  :)
I love Comcast "On Demand" exercise videos!  Just discovered them.  I can be a hip hop dancing machine all alone right in my very own living room. Haha, embarassing.
I couldn't focus and *PROPNAME* was really annoyingly antsy, so we decided to take a walk and we both feel much better.  Now shower and memo-writing time...
after a great weekend at home, I'm hitting the books for a while, then sleep...
working on my memo... yuck..
civ pro, property, and torts... my three fun new friends.... :)
Twiddling my thumbs and waiting for the law library to open.  Embarrassing.
reading property and loving every minute :)
Curled up on the couch watching movies with *PROPNAME* :)
civ pro for Monday, then home for the weekend :)
Finished my memo!  Sleep time, then heading home tomorrow for *PROPNAME*'s wedding this weekend!!
is ready to go home for fall break on Thursday...
oh boy... a weekend filled with fun law school assignments.
exciting about going home tomorrow for the weekend :)
finally got an apartment!! Now, I must focus, focus, focus the next two days so I can spend most of the rest of my week with *PROPNAME*//getting my apartment straight!!  Great to have something to look forward to making it easier to get motivated..
clean apartment... clean puppy dog... now showerin' then fixin' spaghetti to have for lunch this week...
is excited about going home today for fall break... :)
me and *PROPNAME* miss *PROPNAME*....
Oh happy day. It's so nice being at school and knowing *PROPNAME* (& *PROPNAME*) will be there when I get home. It just makes everything nicer!! :)
is wishing her sister, *PROPNAME*, a Happy 19th birthday!!
coffee, memo-writing//editing, and grey's//private practice...
is putting together a breakfast casserole to bake for breakfast in the morning and waiting on *PROPNAME* to get here.. :)
outlining property all day... *PROPNAME*'s coming to see me tonight so that's a great motivation to get my work done!!! :)  Can't wait to see him!!!
Lots to be happy about--- My standard 9:00-6:00//300 mins of class Monday at the law school is over, my apartment is totally unpacked, and *PROPNAME* is coming to visit!
Like everyone else, my poor *PROPNAME* is sick... wish I was there to take care of him... :(
just cut *PROPNAME* trying to give her a little trim... :(  I'm taking it worse than she is... poor baby...  Now *PROPNAME* and I are going to grab us a bite to eat, then I'm trapping him in my apartment cuz he's not allowed to leave tomorrow.
*PROPNAME*'s gone home and I will be studying the next two days for a scary property midterm on Thursday that will be worse than going to the dentist----then I have a dentist appointment right afterward.... Basically I'm doing something I don't usually do and that is sulking and feeling really sorry for myself.  BUT, home on Thursday after the exam//dentist appt.!!! :)
is a sleepy girl... curling up in the bed with miss gigi to read a book, chatting with my love, and then sleeping as long as I want to.  I love not having Friday classes.
will hot chocolate make me feel better?
had to go ahead and cook some chili after *PROPNAME* made it sound so good... Homework and crossing my fingers for McDonnell, Bolling, and Cuccinelli!
taking *PROPNAME* for a walk and then attempting to write this memo...
ahhh... this is beautiful *PROPNAME*... I have so many true, yet politically incorrect things to say, but will instead keep them to myself...
*PROPNAME* just broke her collar when I took her out... With Broad Street right outside I only had a minor panic attack.
today is one of those "I don't like law school..." days.  My solution= pretending that I'm not in law school for the rest of the day... tv time.
went to the doc.... it's not H1N1, just a bad case of hayfever... benedryl and rest for me...
"You Better stop wining, pining, Get your dreams in line and just  Shine, Design, Refine until They Come True. And youd better get to living" - *PROPNAME*
"To take from one because it is thought that his own industry and that of his father's has acquired too much, in order to spare to others, who, or whose fathers have not exercised equal industry and skill, is to violate arbitrarily the first principle of association -- the guarantee to every one of a free exercise of his industry and the fruits acquired by it."~*PROPNAME*
can't breathe out of either one of my "noses" (as my sister used to call them)
well my first class was cancelled because the professor thinks her whole family has come down with H1N1, so I'm trying to be productive anyway....
class, back to the apt. to pack, pickin' up a few necessities at Bass Pro, Dentist, then home for the weekend!! :)
Also, Happy XXrd Birthday to my Mama!
Oh my gee willikers----I do not like writing memos...
So, just about everyone on my friend list is highly upset that it's Monday; but I know that once I get through this "9-6 in class + homework after that"  Monday, my week is nearly over... PLUS home on Thursday for fall break!!!!  It's going to be a great week, I can just feel it!
was astoundingly productive today... chipping away is a lot better method than sitting around trying to figure out how to tackle the whole mountain!
life is way too short and way too good to stress out or worry... :)
Memo is over--- going to get something done to my hair, then cleaning the apartment and going out with *PROPNAME* for a little early birthday celebration!
So as I was driving to school this morning, belting "My Baby Loves Me Just the Way that I Am" into my coffee mug... I realized for the 500th time this week just how much I love life...  Can't wait to go home tomorrow and spend lots of time this week with my *PROPNAME* and my family!
C-SPAN is unbelievable... The House is a zoo this morning....  Rep. Dingell is being a very unfair Kindergarten teacher over an unruly class...
Tuesday is here!! Home after my property class... Happy Birthday to my MeMe Myrtle (my grandma) who is 80 years old today!!! :)  She's the best and I'm so lucky she's my grandma!
cleaning the apartment...
*PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*'s wedding went great! I'm so happy for them!!!   Wish I had my sd card earlier so I could have taken more pics...  Now, in Richmond and back to the real world... missin' my darlin'...
ohh, cleaning then reading for school... all the while just thinking about how much I can't wait to go home on Thursday!  Lots of time with my one and only, hunting, and all the fun and good people that go along with both!  Can Not Wait.
had enough of this memo today, almost done! Reading a good book until sleep... Can't wait until home on Tuesday... It's going to be a great week!
Coffee, Christmas Cookies, Civil Procedure and Christmas movies... :)
Back in Richmond after a great Thanksgiving break... missing my darlin' already...  Can't wait to get through these next 3 weeks and have my first semester of law school behind me... :)
so good to be home!  Planning to get a few things accomplished today and then going to see my love after he gets off work!
back in Richmond, reading for classes tomorrow and getting ready for the week.. can't believe I only have 2 full weeks of classes left of the semester....
oh future interests.... you defeat me.  Professor Berryhill, I admit that you are God, please have mercy on my poor, ignorant, 1L soul...
is wondering why her attention span is so pitiful... must... pay... attention...
has had a great week with my darlin'.... :)  It's gone by way too fast... now, hunting with daddy till *PROPNAME* gets off at 5:00...
civ pro outlining and watching The Pelican Brief... and before you think "she shouldn't be watching a movie".... it's a movie about the law and a law student, it definitely qualifies as studying in my book.... :)
In the final 2 week stretch!!
snowing in Richmond...
So I really have a final tomorrow... I think that's finally starting to set in.
studying Torts----missing *PROPNAME*...
Property Midterm = Over,  Life = Good,  Me = Packing up, Dentists appt., Home.
*PROPNAME* and I have successfully added a new trick to our list... playing dead!  We're excited!  :)  And we can't wait to show it off to *PROPNAME* when he gets here! <3
fried taters for supper... :)
law school... you are not too much fun today... December 18th, please come soon...
*PROPNAME* and I went to Blockbuster to get a couple movies... we both said we'd been wanting to see Four Christmases, so we got it... turns out we watched it together last year. haha...  A tradition in the making?  Teriyaki Pork Sirloin and stir fry for dinner... love having him here <3
So *PROPNAME* just ate the end of my highlighter... I think that means she wants me to stop studying...
Went to eat some mexican food, now fixing some homemade hot cocoa and watching movies with *PROPNAME*... <3
So I decided that personally thanking everyone for the birthday wishes was probably blowing up too many people's news feeds... so thanks to everyone!  <3<3<3
R.I.P. Orange highlighter.... that makes the score: highlighters-0; *PROPNAME*-2
memo-writing...
ready for Thursday afternoon when I get to go home and see my darlin'!
Working on being more positive and proactive...
Come 12:30, I will be done with Property!  :)
I feel like I lose my best friend everytime *PROPNAME* leaves to go back home :(  Can't wait till Friday when I get to go home, too.
my goodness, how I hate civil procedure...
showing this memo who's boss... :)
So glad to be home :)
Whoa... way too sleepy, way too early... Cookies and hot chocolate time.... :)
One final exam is behind me, my wonderful parents surprised me and came up for the evening, and *PROPNAME* is coming up tomorrow....  :)  I'm a happy girl.  <3
Dear God, I know you've got a lot going on with Jesus' birthday coming up and all, but I need you to take this Civil Procedure exam for me in the morning.  I know you take all of my exams for me, but I really need ya in an extra special sort of way for this one. Oh and  one more thing, please hold off the snow until I can make it home....
okay so why am I here going through a long day of classes and feeling stressed and overwhelmed instead of at home happily hunting with my love???  Oh yea, I want to finish law school and be a lawyer... I want to finish law school and be a lawyer... Just have to keep telling myself that.  haha.
Taking Miss *PROPNAME* to get groomed, then studying for my last exam on Friday... Can't wait for Friday at 12:30!!!!  :)
work 10-7, then to see my *PROPNAME*.
One more class, then meeting up with mama to go wedding dress shopping :), then home for the weedend!
Another week almost over?  My, how they seem to fly! :) Can't wait for next week when *PROPNAME* is here and we can celebrate his birthday!
I don't know what's worse... Constitutional Law or having it at 8:40?
hates that *PROPNAME* is leaving today, but had a great weekend and am excited he will be right back on Thursday!!! :)
Well... my elaborate surprise plan to take *PROPNAME* to see *PROPNAME* for his birthday has been canceled due to the weather.... but I'm still looking forward to the snowy weekend and we're just going to have to wait until April to see *PROPNAME*.  :)
congrats to *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*.  *PROPNAME* has a new little baby niece, *PROPNAME*!!  (She'll be mine, too, shortly!!)
I got the prettiest wedding dress in the whole wide world!  Was browsing through the racks and turns out the first dress I came to that caught my attention was the one I had picked out online and been looking at ever since last June!  Tried a bunch on, but ended up with that one.  :)  How exciting!
Summer job interview tomorrow... :)  Hoping it'll be my first and last!!
not at all enjoying *PROPNAME* being on 2nd shift when I'm home for the weekend :(
abandoning the library which could almost be confused with an ice box and going to grab some lunch with jessica... :) then back for a couple more classes...
trying out the new reading glasses, not sure how I feel about them...
wishing my fiance a Happy, Happy Birthday!!  I love you darlin' and hope you have a wonderful day!
Got a paid (as opposed to the increasingly popular unpaid) J-O-B in a law firm!  Starting next Friday, I'll work Fridays until school is out, then full time for the summer!  That and having a snow day all rolled into one makes today a great day...  :)
yay for an official snow day!! :) But still have that job interview as far as I know, so don't get to stay in the bed and watch tv all day.... :(
oh thank goodness I have Monday night tv to look forward to :)  Gotta love <3 abc family :)
R.I.P *PROPNAME*! You and your music will alway be in my heart :(
I  walked around whole Sundsvall today and half the way it started to rain.....
I'm off to work!! have the evening shift....
Have a new IPOD :)
Welcome Dinner tonight and I'm the toastmaster :)
Have done Zumba for the past 1 hour... a really greate form of workout.. Love it!! :)
Have fixed my music library on my laptop... so now everything is in order :)
A whole day of shoping and I didn't find a single thing...... hmmmmm
My troath hurts :(
First day of school wasn't so bad.... Just abit scary ;)
Soon on my way to the Bad Taste party.... :)
relaxing after yesterdays party :)
RIP *PROPNAME* - Boyzone will never be the same without you....
I'm down.... In bed with a nasty cold....just want to sleep... I really hate being sick.... :(
Got a new mobilephone..... :)
It's Snowing!!! Ahhhhhhh.....
Had a home-spa day today, the best thing to do if you want to kill some time when it's raining outside...
I just fell in love with jazz improvisation.. it's so much fun :)
Had my first statistics class today and it was so..... hmmm... how should I say it.... messy maybe...  this really gonna be a strange class.....
Back home again from the Tallinn Party Cruise.... Tierd but Happy :)
Trying to find schools for my C-level paper....
From All of Us to All of You a Very Merry Christmas :) !!!!
Only 1.5 weeks left of my summer-work then its back to Karlstad again... Looking forward to it.... It starting to get abot boring up here in the north.... ;)
I'm Happy, Happy, Happy, Happy.... Thanks everyone for the nice Birthday wishes I love you all!!!! :D
Motivation = Zero
Conflictmanagement are really interesting... I just find out that i'm more like my mother then I thought :)
Was on my first voice lesson today... feels good to start singing again... It was a long time ago... but now I'm back on track again ;)
I like my life right now... :)
i miss my sister.
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!!!
off to shanghai
