likes the sound of thunder.
is so sleepy it's not even funny that's she can't get to sleep.
is sore and wants the knot of muscles at the base of her neck to stop hurting. On the other hand, YAY I'M IN ILLINOIS! <3
likes how the day sounds in this new song.
is home. <3
www.thejokerblogs.com
saw a nun zombie, and liked it. Also, *PROPNAME* + Tentacle!Man + Psychic Powers = GREAT Party.
is in Kentucky. 421 miles into her 1100 mile journey home.
was about to finish a digital painting before her tablet went haywire. Is now contemplating the many ways she wishes to exact her revenge on faulty technology.
is celebrating her new haircut by listening to swinger music and generally looking like a doofus.
has a crush on the Green Lantern.
has magic on the brain.
saw Transformers, Up, and Year One this week. Good movie overload. :D
Who wants to meet up on schedule pick-up day at Oviedo?
desires the thrill of inspiration. Also, money.
is going to bed at 9:30! Yeah!
is reading, admiring her permit, and occasionally glancing at her ner McDonald's uniform.
thinks intangibility should be an option in reality settings.
is tired. *PROPNAME*, let me go to sleep pl0x.
is discovering the many flavors of insomnia.
is watching cousin play computer game on televison box thing. Also, sleepy.
Why is it I'm only getting the urge to draw when I have stuff to do for school? D;
Who'da thought a single text message could be enough to change my mind?
wishes to develop a super power that prevents her from needing to sleep.
TELL ME WHAT TO DRAW, PLOX.
found a bunny, bunny died, buried bunny, now is drawing.
<3
is just about insane by now.
wants to sleep eight hours tonight. And so she shall.
really hates hormones and emotions right now. Well, has hated them a lot recently. Goodness.
has a watch that matches her glasses. She wishes she hadn't spazzed with glee when she saw it in the store.
loved 9! Allegory, symbolism, talking ragdolls, satire, and explosions! Yes!
can't sit on her futon because she knows as soon as she does she'll lie down and pass out. Uncomfortable rolly desk chair it is. :(
should spend less time writing chapters for the story she'll never finish, and try reading more books. Preferably, during the daytime, and not at 3:00 AM.
is watching kid's cartoons and wishing she weren't so old.
has work tomorrow, and hopes they teach her how to use the cash register. :D
is grateful she did most of her work during her wait for a ride home this afternoon and then during the Open House. Sleeeep, she beckons.
has a really confusing internal dilemma. She also wonders if anyone can guess what it is.
thinks she needs to stop leaving so many pictures half-done before getting new ideas.
has grown weary of drawing her paranoid, soldier//housewife Jynx character in comic form, and must thusly go to sleep to replenish her desire to work tirelessly on a mere audition.
is seeing 9 tonight... maybe?
is going to work on comics, then crash into her futon with all the love unconsciousness deserves.
WEEKEND. I LOVE YOU.
is listening to Relient K and thinking about plants, lawyers, and internships.
is drawing instead of homeworking. :| This is fun, but not good.
will sleep like a champion tonight.
dishes, webcomics, laziness, internal lack of disruption. Alright.
wishes she weren't ticklish sometimes. Right now, though, is not one of those times. :)
has a magical ceiling.
went to bed early, slept in, and still feels like she hasn'tgotten a proper night's sleep.
got taught how to use the register (<3!!!~), enjoyed (500) Days of Summer, and is looking forward to going to the beach Monday.
hates FML on principle.
realizes traditional media hate her and has shunned her penvcils in favor of the tablet. That'll learn 'em.
was all prepared to do her weekend homeowrk the morning it was due, but realized she left the necessary binder at school. FFFFFFFFFFFFF-
has early work blargedy-argdey-blah. Minimuuum waaaage, I looove youuu.
Far away // This ship has taken me so far away... Goshdarnit, Muse, stop being so awesome.
is a little excited to see the talent show.
is tired. She would sleep, but there's a cat on her desk that requires supervision.
I don't hate you.// Well, you found me. Congratulations. Was it worth it?// The only thing you've managed to break so far is my heart.// This isn't brave. It's murder.// What did I ever do to you?// You don't care, do you.// Please proceed to Andorid Hell.
needs a stupid, fluffy book to read inbetween experiences of normalcy.
will be up very late so she can ride with her dad to the airport to pick up her mamacita from a (as of now) 11:20 PM landing in from Illinois.
IS IN COMPLETE LOVE WITH THE BLACKBERRY HER MOM JUST SURPRISED HER WITH. AND YES. SHE IS SO EXCITED, THAT CAPS ARE COMPLETELY NECESSARY. <3 <3 <3 <3 <3<3
is looking forward to early January. Not the birthday per se, but the potential to meet a good friend. :)
needs to stop listening to her normal playlist if she wants to stop waking up feeling like she's missed something big.
spews toxic gas into your personal air bubble. It's super effective!
has a comfortably comfy and mildly oversized cotton jacket from Wal*Mart. Yay, it's so soft. <3 <3 <3
thinks Oviedo play was awesome (as it should be. Sleep, though-- she beckons sweetly with the promise of dreams and pillow-related comfort. Night all.
just made a nucketful of cookies and a bunch of baked fries. :) Yes, I am awesome.
has made more cookies, as well as a bunch of croissants for breakfast and piggies in various blankets for tomorrow afternoon. Despite the late//early hour, this is only further awesomeness.
has a fair idea of how to manage the 2.5 kids cliche... She just needs a very strong gentleman named *PROPNAME* and thriteen wet napkins.
saw Up. Also saw two Chuck Norris movies. FFFFFFFFFFFF- WEIRDEST MIX EVER.
has an Autobot lunchbox, and can therefore die happy now. :) In other news, she has also spent the last three hours on an off reading a webcomic that started in 1999.
, in the post office, with the long-overdue copy of Photoshop for a friend. I win at the game of Clue.
Clakclakclak rawrrrrr mel haxxxxxx RWRRRRRRRR LOLZLOLZLOLZLOLZ IM SO HOOD PUNK STOOPID YO
We are not who you think we are. We are Golden.
I am a lumberjack with a Castro Hat.
The day you wake up and realize you've just slept twelve hours and still want to sleep some more is the day you need to get back on a regular sleeping schedule.
actually doesn't mind coloring with markers as much as she thought. Yay for coloring vividly creepy villainesses! :D
thinks maybe singing along with the radio during most of the eight-hour ride home didn't help her throat//cough//chestcold thingvery much.
drove to a gas station. Number of times sent into a panic behind the wheel: 6. I hate 40 mph zones. D;
A Great New Year to everybody. :) <3 Make the best of everything you see, and never let the bad stuff keep you down for long!
has 48 hours to do pretty much all her break work, clean her room, do the dishes, rearrange the furniture in her room, and practive drop spins maybe a dozen more times. XD Why not, right?
is open to requests.
is frankly at a loss as far as her current internal project.
is gonna stay awake all night. Then I should be able to just pass out at 9 PM tomorrow (today).
can't sleep. Remedies?
Why are the people I want to talk to never online when I am?
needs to stop stressing over her personal stuff. Homework beckons with a bejeweled, smirking claw, and I must answer, tethered by iron to the responsibilities of real life.
is in love with her hair today. <3
was right. :) Today was pretty much fantastic, all around.
feels tomorrow will be a busy and very nice day. :)
is in the last day of her two-day mad dash to finish. Can she get all her work done it time???
Is it a problem if my main reason to come to Facebook now is to join groups and become a fan of things?
had a three hour nap this afternoon and can't sleep because of it.
My dogs are so hood.
is on a roll; one short of a turkey, now.
can't breathe and feels like her insides are clawing their way out through her belly button. I hate pain.
is reflecting on it and is actually very happy she's not in IB right now.
has her class ring in with it's changes! Whoop whoop! <3 :D
KISS. KISS. LICK. <3
is too lazy to put her stuff back in order. Maybe tomorrow.
has a serious crush on *PROPNAME*. <3
has bed bugs..... ewwwww!
and mosquito bites
Mondays are the new thursdays- anthony bourdain + *PROPNAME*  = forgetting your financial troubles
is annoyed with herself
is not turning on her cell at the moment, or for the next few days- dont take it personally.
Is trying to figure out everything.....
wants no more friend or exboyfriend drama drama
is out for the count
Its the little things in life- fresh flowers, katie ion, netflix instant movies
is bummed the instant movie didnt pull through
wants to go to paris. anyone care to accompany me?
one minute at a time
Loves avoiding burning a whole in her pocket. Lesportsac purses and DVD overload.
really hates California's economy right now
I lost.....my ex is in a relationship before me
Is having a great day so far, thanks to santa paula noon meetings. and my mom.
is *PROPNAME*'s bestbian
misses the ability to drive
Mi familia de la cuidad de mexico esta aqui! Necesito que practicar mi espanol.
Is wearing red lipstick, watching movies, hot boys, and her mother screech at the family dog..... "random" doesnt even begin to describe this scene
anthony bourdain bliss
Turbo tax tried charging me $140 dollars to process my taxes. my mom did it for free. fuck you turbo tax and thanks mom for saving the day.
is on her way up north to face her judgement
Target is my savior- sandals, dresses and shirts, oh my!
is slightly smitten with the phoenix family. its weird, i know.
is hoping to finally get a break tomorrow!
rhinanna is just getting crazier and crazier. or more stupid.
feels like a bum without legs
Having a job again is weird, but welcome.
is 3 years to go
s electronics are giving out.
is celebrating her 90th day with dieting and work whahooo! not.
is in love with her new black peacoat. Who else is pumped it's fall?
is sick in an way she's never been physically sick before. feels like a hangover mixed with the flu mixed with weakness and nausea
hates the business that is the United States' healthcare system
thinks Rhianna's Italian Vogue photoshoot is in bad taste and inappropriate. yuck.
is excited for NBC thursdays- especially excited for community
is in love with *PROPNAME*.
"La Vie En Rose"- there are no words. Absolutely brilliant, honest, and beautiful movie.
is flashing lights kanye style
i got a break! a $3000 healthcare break! whoooooo
is actually going to see someone besides my mother on my day off. No offense mom. U r fabulous but im turning into a 13-year-old not-out-of-the-closet-yet gay man by the amount of time i spend with you.
ARGGGGGGGGGGGGG!!!!!!!
true blood is getting me in the halloween spirit. damn, bill is hot.
michael scott dancing in the booze cruise episode is really entertaining to me right now.
the office, cleaning, and hanging con mi madre are my drugs of choice this evening
RIP Prague nights Fall semester 2007
needs a hot hair cut. anyone know where i can get a fierce one for under 50 in vc?
wants to know when she became a single 35-year-old lady. Tonight I visited a dating site and watched "accidentally on purpose" and felt for the characters. seriously?!
is ready for her day off
life is looking up
is excited to kick it old school with an old friend in a new place
why does netflix need me to have at least 6 dvds in my queue? i think 5 is quite enough, thank you gluttonous 'merica.
is rediscovering her love for bjork
money, teeth cleaning, g-ma's, bus, top secret errand, target, rodarte dress for $40(!!!), some warm and comfy- themed xmas shopping, spending time with mom, coffee, sephora.com, the office, stepping outside and forgetting how cold it gets without proper coverage- productive and selfindulgent bliss. not a bad day off.
wants to find a way to san fran after the new year
is in love. With *PROPNAME*.
is going to start using disposable cameras again- she agrees with stephanie that the anticipation of not knowing what will show up is very missed
thank you to everyone who sent me fb love and made my birthday more special than i could ever have imagined. im sooooooo lucky to have so many great souls in my life.
is very excite for today and this weekend.
its a beautiful fall day in southern california.
s g-ma is the coolest
wishes she was moving on up in the world. but at least she has ja'mie to get her through it.
Today is my 2 month birthday!
intervention- heroine and xanax and crack- oh my.
is having a bad day. not even target, shoes, nor a good guacamole carls jr. burger could bring me up.
summer heights high. ja'mie, jonah, and mr. g. im hooked on chris lilley.
Um, amy poehler is rocking my world right now. seriously, the bad date rant was HYSTERICAL. tivo that shit. and by that shit, i mean parks and recreation.
Ten Movies to Watch Right Now (and some you can Instant Netflix) 1. La Vie En Rose 2. Shrink (if you love LA) 3. Paris Je'taime (if you love Paris) 3. Clay Pidgeons (*PROPNAME* is priceless) 4. Quills 5. Away We Go 6. Sunshine Cleaning 7. A League of Their Own 8. Smart People (I Heart *PROPNAME*'s Page and SJP) 9. Frost//Nixon 10. Doubt
Back from vacation and tired
Its a good night for fishing.
Damn close game on Monday. My Dolphins almost pulled it off!
It was a close one! But a W is a W, GO DOLPHINS!
Sick as shit.
HAPPY VETERANS DAY!!! Thank a veteran dammit!
How about thems steelers?
Done with Finals
Passed the PRAXIS
Nicel little test for *PROPNAME*!! Way to show them *PROPNAME* how to play PRO football!!
had a great day at church...
so not a day for work... good thing I'm working nights this week... :D
transformers watched....
is living life one day at a time
just watched an episode of locked up abroad... dont take your freedom for granted people... its a blessing...
is going to die to self
is happy for his gf. Congrats babe, I knew you could do it!!
In contemplation mode...
Jesus said to love others as you love yourself... So FIRST you have to love yourself!!
is trying to fight it off
is doing to die to self...
had a great weekend with her... we have to do that again babe...
is kinda having a rough morning... but its looking up...
is worn and battle weary... but i refuse to give up...
Today is another day. You dont get better by making a right choice once. You get better by making the right choice... everyday... over and over again...
is learning... constantly
first time in a long time... I feel like writing...
is at an interesting stage in his life...
is sick.
is...
is etching closer to becoming stir crazy..
is back home... sleepy but cant sleep just yet...
needs to tie up loose ends...
is going to sleep... soon
has had an interesting start to saturday
is transitioning
had a great night
is going to spend some time with her...
has tied up one loose end... feels lighter already
is still patiently waiting for 9
bye fb
is sick
After a slight rebuild... Betsy 2.0 lives to surf the net again!!
Merry Christmas people!!!
feels loved and appreciated...
had a wonderful night with family and friends... the night cap was wonderful though... WEEEEE!! I got my shirt!!!
is celebrating with her...
Celebrating 1 year...
is smiling
There can be no complaints from the Arsenal fans about today's results... wunna get wash off...
I have no excuses, least of all for God.  Like all tyrants, he is not worthy of the spit you would waste on negotiations.  The deal we have is infinitely simpler--i don't call him to account, and he extends me the same courtesy...
Back
Rip open the diseased heart of a corporation and what spills out? -On people
You're wicked overseer
"Keep government away from my medicare!"  As good a summary of American politics as one is likely to get these days.
Turn your lamp down low.
HOLY. FUCK. http:////www.youtube.com//watch?v=yPJgZd7fRPs
"What's brown and rhymes with Snoop?" "Dr. Dre?" "Fuck you, Carl."
"We operate by consensus." "What if the Americans object?" "We don't operate."
The only fear I have, Is my failure to adhear his path
That, ladies and gentlemen, was a season opener.
Things that are irritating: Microsoft excel.
The best way to describe *PROPNAME* is as an IRL troll.
Record so hard it broke the needle.
Even when it's free it ain't cheap.
"I find it absolutely appalling that anyone could believe that political affiliation would be used to determine who receives medical treatment. That's what race and socioeconomic standing are for."
Thanks folks.
What the fuck, Steelers?
In other news, the Steelers 4th quarter is the most depressing thing of all time.
Suppose you were an idiot. And suppose you were a member of congress. But I repeat myself.
Bush was a symptom, not a cause.
The bridge is over?
Fuckin' *PROPNAME*
Speech is my hammer
[The "liberal media"] love to be denounced from the right, and the right loves to denounce them, because that makes them look like courageous defenders of freedom and independence while, in fact, they are imposing all of the presuppositions of the propaganda system.-Chomsky
Stop the violence and start the revolution-Talib
When I give food to the poor, they call me a saint.  When I ask why the poor have no food, they call me a communist.-*PROPNAME*
The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter.
What I didn't want: more characters on Heroes.
And until peoples learn to spot the fanning of mass emotions and the sowing of bitterness, suspicion, and intolerance as crimes in themselves - as perhaps the greatest disservice that can be done to the cause of popular government - this sort of thing will continue to occur.
Thank you, *PROPNAME*, for still being on the ballot so that stupid people could vote for you.
"How impious is the title of sacred majesty applied to a worm, who in the midst of his splendor is crumbling into dust!"-*PROPNAME*.  They don't make writers like they used to.
"Fuck you, dolphin!"
YANKEES WOOOO
"Necessity is the plea for every infringement of human freedom. It is the argument of tyrants; it is the creed of slaves." - *PROPNAME*
Steelers!
"Britain's desire to be a big player on the world stage has delivered huge benefits including being dragged into a series of catastrophic wars with America's throbbing tumescence lodged firmly at the back of our throat, while at the same time being unable to afford decent roads, railways, schools and hospitals. It's what we call a 'win-win'."
My fucking computer got a virus.  Incredible.
I have to quit drinking diet coke.  Much sadness and headaches.
All aboard the U.S.S. Rational Basis.
Restoration! or, why LTS is incredible.
Why do you insist that the human genetic code is "sacred" or "taboo"? It is a chemical process and nothing more. For that matter -we- are chemical processes and nothing more. If you deny yourself a useful tool simply because it reminds you uncomfortably of your mortality, you have uselessly and pointlessly crippled yourself. Chairman *PROPNAME*, "Looking God in the Eye"
Spit so hard that it oughta be a crime
Spit it so hard it oughta be a crime.
Fucking *PROPNAME*.
The mind of a child is where the revolution begins.
Kansas City Chiefs over Pittsburgh Steelers, 27-24.  Disgrace.
I found my actual WEP key!!!!
Classes over!  Home in a week.
FUCK. YES.
"We're supposed to call it H1N1." "I refuse to back down to pig farmers.  Not today, not ever."
Kill them all.  God will recognize his own.-*PROPNAME*
Face the facts. Then act on them. It's the only mantra I know, the only doctrine I have to offer you, and it's harder than you'd think, because I swear humans seem hardwired to do anything but. Face the facts. Don't pray, don't wish, don't buy into centuries-old dogma and dead rhetoric. Don't give in to your conditioning or your visions or your fucked-up sense of... whatever. FACE THE FACTS. THEN act.
Stability means we run it. There are countries that are very stable. Cuba is stable, but that’s not called stability.
Avatar: Best Picture
WOW New Orleans.
Now bamboo thinks it's wood, and that pisses me off.
I PASSED STATS MOTHERFUCKER!!!!
Hey, it actually is December.
And then, I got food poisoning.
Show me a completely smooth operation and I'll show you a cover up. Real boats rock. -*PROPNAME*
If I see another king, I think I shall bite him.-*PROPNAME*.
Rule of the Great:    When people you greatly admire appear to be thinking deep thoughts, they are probably thinking about lunch.
"We rule by consensus." "What if the Americans object?" "We don't operate."
"Libertarianism is just anarchism for rich people."
Progress is made by lazy men looking for easier ways to do things.-Heinlein
"No one lets charms in the vehicle in the entire United States Marine Corps."
R.I.P. *PROPNAME*.
I didn't know this, but *PROPNAME* is apparently a Hebrew name that means "The Lord Remembers," which is basically incredible.
LET'S GO LIONS
*PROPNAME* was ejected from the New York State Senate, which is good, because he slashed his girlfriend with a knife.
Good work, Golden Globes.
It's the prophet versus them profits all the time.
fie! Time, Inc. has blocked gchat... does this mean I have to be productive now?
is in search of the perfect margarita... :)
I was sitting at LaGuardia, wondering why my flight was delayed, and then I saw on the TV that there had been a bomb threat and evacuation earlier today... lucky meeee
do i have to take out my nose ring and join the corporate world?
just spent the last hour looking at photos from junior abroad in london, and is dying to go back
hmmm i better not fail my pass//fail...
is struggling :( :( :( :( :(
ewww 33" of snow... apparently the most at one time since 1969!
LAW SCHOOL IS TOO HARD!
thanks everyone, but i decided to get younger this year... :)
is at work! >.<
hopes that transformers isn't sold out!
is going to the mellow mushroom after work at 8.
must be insane for starting a twitter account
Hates *PROPNAME* for starting her on this damn farm town app.  You all must stert playing now and give me gifts! And mafia wars too. FML I'm a loser.
la la la la!
Hello, to high and dry.
is in the Bluff!
loves the gorilla face!
This is my face Covered in freckles With the occasional spot and some veins This is my body Covered in skin And not all of it you can see And, this, is my mind It goes over and over The same old lines And, this, is my brain It's torturous analytical thoug
*PROPNAME* comes back tonight!!! YAAAAAYYYY!!!!!!
is ready for school to start back... summer sucks when you aren't actually on vacation
realizes that she has friends on Facebook that she doesn't remember how she met... is that wrong? Discuss:
is reading Master and Fool, the convoluted finally to The Book of Words trillogy, in between playing stupid facebook apps... Such a Nerd. >.<
is creating a LinkedIn account, as if she didn't already have too many networking accounts to keep track of!
I, I'm thinking it's a sign That the freckles in our eyes Are mirror images, and when we kiss They're perfectly aligned And I have to speculate That God himself did make Us into corresponding shapes Like puzzle pieces from the clay
is at work... yay.
thinks she will keep this as her profile pic until those tan lines fade, if that ever happens.
is stressed... but has great tickets for the game! row 1 baby! Woot!
got a jersy from *PROPNAME*, a clean car from her mother, and a free portfolio from her sister! Not too shabby for the unexciting 22nd birthday. :D Thank you everyone!
dealing with crazy people all day... A&A ppl: don't forget the lecture tonight! Not sure what it is about though... :P
>.<
absolutely hates AutoCAD.  Why am I still in architecture?
Come on UT: We need a touchdown!
is blah blah blah....but... TGIF!!! Happy weekend everyone!!!
GODDAMNIT!!!! FUCK YOU LINCOLN!!! Kick HIGHER! And the guy took off his helmit! We should have had a re-kick! What BS is this? AAAARRRRG!!!!!!
I just realized that the song "All I wanna do is make love to you" by Heart is about a woman picking up a stranger and seducing him in order to get a child... Wha?
GAAAARRRG!!!
would like to bash her head against a concrete wall.
will be in knoxville for break. >.<'
a;lkdhoarjenfpreoijn
will post some Halloween pictures... eventually.
has come to the realization that I hate Architecture. Hate it. Integrations is the worst experience ever. I'll be happy passing with a C.
hopes to have her drawings finished in exactly one week from now... let's see how THAT works out...
...?
is inactive.
is upset.  *PROPNAME* ditched our appointment I made, after I waited in the office for about an hour, and now I'll probably never get to talk to her.  I wish she'd actually do her job in stead of taking 5 hour lunch breaks then leaving early.... Bitch.
is hungry.
needs to suck it up.
Due to a lack of anyone being interested in my life updates, I will write here and delude myself that someone wiill read it later and actually care...  Got a new phone yesterday: a Palm treo.  Had to pay $30 a mo extra to use it, but now I'll be able to use the interwebz while in White Bluff.  30 dollars is a fair price to put on cabin fever prevention. Maybe I should Tweet this too. :P
*PROPNAME* made it up to me today... after I waited for her for a half hour past our appointment time. Sheesh. But *PROPNAME* was awesome enough to let me have some hot chocolate :)
is in Knoxilla for a few days. Trying to get this Germany thing settled. Still. Garg!
just got skype. name: ljacocke
On her way to NOLA!
Studying is cramping my style...
Everyone should listen to Funhouse...best record I've heard in a long time!
Wishing the lovely *PROPNAME* a Happy Birthday!
Will be working for OCB two months from now! I cannot wait!
Cannot believe the court is allowing the press to publish photos of MJ's kids....
moving back to NOLA on the first...so little time
Wishing all of her friend the best of luck on the Louisian Bar Exam!
The Law Graduates Prayer: God...if it's not too much to ask... May I pass the bar?
Excited to see *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* tonight, run *PROPNAME*, and see the weight fall off my butt!
At Rue
Counting down the days till NOLA!
Had an awesome fourth of July
5 days, until I leave Waco FOREVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Finally going to get the car washed tomorrow!
Scared of PC III and the bar...
hopin and prayin
Cannot believe it is Wednesday already!
Never getting gas before work again...
Hoping to get out of her driveway.
Cannot wait to see *PROPNAME* today!
It's a hershey's day
WHO 'DAT!
Takes home more from her monthly salary then she realized!
GE = finally recovering...thank you jesus!
working
Gettin ready for tommorrow!
Getting her Bar application together...yes, it's that time of year again!
is going on a deposition, my first real one with OCB!
Most disgusting statistic I've ever heard: AVG NYC Model = 5'10, 110lbs....
Stuyding for the MPRE!
is a busy bee
Had a great time seeing everyone at OCB today!
Excited to see that every stock in her portfolio outperformed market expectations!
Torture= watching *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* stock the pantry 15 minutes after I decide to get serious about this diet...
icky feeling = gone. Back to prancing through the office with a smile, and my usual excessive energy//need for adventure!
a very happy girl!
Rain is ruining my plans...
best boss's lunch ever!
phone = dead; chat with me here
Apparently applied to law school at Depaul today...at least that's what they tell me...
Only 9 more pounds... why won't they go away?
In our personal and professional lives, we are constantly hit with one adversity after the other, most of which we have no control over. But the four things we have total control over is how we react, how we adapt, how we breathe and how we take action.
The only people who are more entertaining then rappers are wannabe rappers. (See *PROPNAME*)
***Attention-Houston area ANIMAL LOVERS! Montgomery County Animal Shelter is closing tomorrow. You can adopt for free tomorrow between 12-4. They will be euthanizing all animals without a home!!! Go & save a life!! 30 cats and 80 dogs left. Please re-post.***
Is looking to join junior league of New Orleans, anybody know who to contact?
Thanking everyone for all the birthday love. Now, how 'bout them saints!? I am in need of a place//people to watch with tonight... any takers?
Exact words when renewing DL: Me: Oh no, you can't take my license, It's my 25th b-day. How am I going to get into the bar? DMV: We gonna give you a new one over there Me: But, it won't have my picture and stuff on it.  Dmv:  Hold up, we can take a picture of your picture and put it on a license i think. (yelling at co-worker to see if this can be done) Yup! Me: So, I can go to the bar?! Dmv: (sigh) Yeah girl!
is believing the best in others, because the Dove candy wrapper says so, betch!
Anyone know a good place for me to kennel my dog for thanksgiving// willing to dogsit?
Congratulations to all of my friends, especially *PROPNAME*, who passed the Lousiana bar, and for those of you who didn't, I'll be taking Barbri this february...so we can study together like old times!
Thanksgiving!
Rather enjoying her last day as a 24 year old
Enjoying this beautiful Sunday in Audubon park!
Swearing in!
Studying for the bar, please pray for me
bar...
Cheese fries!
Happy Thanksgiving!
Getting ready for NYC
Happy New Year!
Studying for the bar, less then 1 month!
Must find time to go XMAS Shopping...ahhh!
white
Apt = clean.  Now, coffee and Barbri!
Q: Will *PROPNAME* be going to Miami to watch the saints win the superbowl?  A: No, No she will not, she will be parked in her room studying for the bar exam...who's idea was it to move the test up two weeks?  hmmm....hmmmm... fml :(
Seems to be attracting incompetence today...
Going to *PROPNAME* to take down the LA bar and hoping she doesn't become a bad statistic!
Who 'dat!
Geaux Saints!
wishes teachers only day would last da rest of da week... mayb evn da rest of da year
is totally xcited for da ball 2moz yay!!!!! :D
only 2 more days!!!!!!
does not think its fair we have 2 go back 2 school n friday!
as of yesterday i am officially out of the moon boot!!!!
i hate winter its so frikin cold!!!!!!!!
cnt sleep
its fun 2 lock younger siblings outside wen it cold nd dark... especially wen dey bein anoyin
TRAGEDY!!!!!!!!!!! haha shame laura ive claimed in frnt of evry1!!!!
i love weekends! <3
Barley sugars taste goOd!!!!!!!
chocolate cake smells goOd!!!!!
the harry potter movies jsut continue 2 disappoint me nd yet i neva learn :P
does not know if her english essay is due 2moz or monday...
allen's mackintosh toffee de luxe coconut lollies r goOd!!!!!!!!! <3
has epically failed her english exam nd is epically even a word?
is bored and shud be studying sumting...
loves the sun!!!!! <3
qatapponescons!!!!!!!!
nutella on a spoon tastes gud especially at 1 in da mornin :P
lolz putting ur language on pirate is fun :D
is glad the computer is working again!!!! :D
physics is gay!!!!!
AHHHH!!!! my poor shins :(
im countin down da days till friday!!!!
is bored...
wow glow sticks r soO funky!!!!!
mock exams r makin me insomniatic dat is soO not kool!
mMmMm!!!!! wheatens taste goOd!!!!!! :P
does not enjoy the idea of writing an essay at all :(
is worried about not being able to write an essay on katherine mansfield short stories this friday :s
only one more exam and den im FREE!!!!!!!!...until november...
being sick is not enjoyable...seriously
is glad 2moz is friday
MMMMMMMMM!!!!!!! strawberries and chocolate cake tastes soO goOd!!!!!!!!
IM FREEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!! YAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
YAY!!!!!!!!! SARAH GOING 2 SKOOL NEXT YEAR!!!!!!!!!!! SPONTANEOUS EXCITEMENT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D
OMFG!!! hus clever idea was it 2 snd our year books in da mail caws myne is freakin ripped in half becaws of da rain i mean seriously da old system was fine!!!!!!!!!!!!!! if it not bloody broken den dnt fix it!!!!!!! stupid bastard >:(
AHHHHHHH!!!!!!! exam 2moz!!!!!! :O
mMmMm!!!!! nutella on a spoon!
can't wait to live at the lake!!! :D
has officially deleted her bebo page
is planning to kill james patterson if he decides 2 kill fang in da next maximum ride book >:|
MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYONE!!!!!!! i hope you all have a wonderful day :D <3
is having fun on mystery google lolz :D
yay!!!! its almost christmas :D
wow it's been like a whole year already soO freaky well n e ways happy new years eve!!!!
i hate younger brothers...
the spiders are revolting!!!!!!!!
yay for chocolate ice cream!!!!!!
we want a SHRUBBERY!!!!
YAY!!!! i pased wid M =D
happy christmas eve!!!!! :D
HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!!!!!! i love the sound of fireworks :D
white with black polka dots and pink
yay!! im finally goin 2 c avatar :D
is leaving tomorrow. wtf.
is wandering about in the Alaskan wilderness like *PROPNAME*.
is in Homer, AK visiting *PROPNAME*!
just went to a bar with my mom and a bunch of other old people in Alaska. wtf?
har mindre enn en måned til Oslo!
bare én uke...
alone in marin...5 more pages, thanks lindow... rudy home in less than 2 days... Oslo 8 days!
TRE UKER TIL OSLO.
is in King Salmon, AK.
just moved into my dorm... which I share w// 4 guys. ??
BARE TO DAGER TIL OSLO!
fem dager.
wants to be back in AK.
just got twilight in norwegian... you can judge me.
come to uglebo tomorrow 2230-2...
having trouble understanding my roommates when they speak Norwegian at 70000 wpm.
gets to see ma and sis tomorrow :)
can't cook
in kailua... 12 dager til norge...
i Bergen
roll on you bearsssss
why is sjur blasting music at 730 am
elsker Oslo.
gets to see lil roady in TRE UKER
jeg mener at jeg har H1N1 i lungene
rudy in oslo tomorrow! :)
hates the norwegian immigration center. also the norwegian embassy in san francisco.
it's really cold out
thanks for the birthday wishes
RUDY I OSLO!
prøver å forsvare Obama til min norsk romkamerat på norsk og det er utrolig vanskelig.
elsker Oslo...
er i Sverige.
back in norway, having successfully avoided being sold into sex slavery.
is quite close to not being an illegal alien in Norway anymore.
come on Bears...
everyone's starin at me feet
er i Stockholm til tirsdag.
er i Stavanger.
no longer the dish washing bitch
RUDY IS COMING AGAIN!!!
jahvid!
har bare tre uker i Norge... :( :(
so much snow!
København
hel dag i biblioteket... fjuck
fjuck x 3.5
Nordea DEATH.
ser på samiske nyheter!!! og skal til en samisk konsert på lørdag! SÁMI
død
RON PAUL FOR NORWAY 2012!!!
motherfucking norwegian bureaucratic bullshit. yet again.
nesten ferdig... :o
is excited to come home but... I don't want to leave Oslo. :(
bruker facebook på SAMISK gahaha
BEARS WIN
ROADY!!!
fjuck
savner Norge...
god jul :D
ONE.
1.5!
kailua
2.5!
så jan thomas!!! hahhahaha
gets to see mama and emmsy in 9 days!
det er samefolkets dag!!! :):)
prøver å lese asbjørnsen og moes samlede eventyr og kan ikke forstå den rare ortografien... og nå føler jeg meg dum
s heart is broken by the Bears. Yet again.
tenker på Norge...
just went to the nordic house in oakland and got biler og kvikk lunsj og solo!!!
narcoleptic
Quote from a Christian Fundementalist idiot: "Can you prove your point or are you just going to spout out evidence all day?"
has renamed his iPod: *PROPNAME*
*PROPNAME* Fails.
is quite liking girls aloud
Ahhhhhhh! Raisins!
Toblerone, Darth Vader? And then you stab him.
There's a Flying hooker watching you hug.
What have you got against baboons in Mime?
Big Red Button! http:////www.milaadesign.com//bigred.html
Computers have feelings too. http:////www.collegehumor.com//article:1752773
Only *PROPNAME* can win "THE GAME"
A bag o' weed, A bag o' weed. Oh, everything is Better with a bag o' weed.
is watching LOONEY TUNES!
Sex, Drugs, Rock 'n' Roll and COOKIES!
How many people aren't using their *PROPNAME* Ticket?
What does the mango smoothie taste like? Does it taste like oranges?
is nearly in 40th awake hour.
I have my lip Pierced!
What flavour do your chihuahuas come in?
Napalm is Nature's Toothpaste.
There must ALWAYS be a Clown!
Blonde, Blonde, Blonde, Blonde, BLONDE!
AUUUGHH! MY KINDEYS! THE BUTTERY SHRAPNEL! IT BURNS!
Back from a Frances!
As everyone else is... Any else got Rosemary White as a Tutor?
Dolphins can see the future with perfect clarity. That's why they're always screaming!
BUBBLES!!
Senor Balloony-head sponsors *PROPNAME*!!
I am going to call my kids Ctrl, Alt and Delete. Then if they mess up I will just hit them all at once.
*PROPNAME* can win a game of Connect Four in only three moves.
5 'A*'s, 5 'A's, 2 'B's. (For people who I haven't talked to yet.)
Vodka-time.
Is converting to pastafarianism. Worship his noodleyness!
is bored as hell, so Interesting people must talk to me.
Sobering up Tonight, from a 2 week drinking spree!
I want *PROPNAME* the Antelope.
Tennis is a fickle sport. No matter how good you are at it, a wall will always be better.
"What the hell is that, *PROPNAME*?" "Dunno. Some kind of Cat Dinosaur."
has a Brilliant plan: Vodka Pie!
"Today, I was thinking about the expression 'revenge is a dish best served cold'. Then I considered that 'revenge is sweet'. I've come to the conclusion that revenge is ice cream. MLIA"
is not drunk, just posessed by a highly retarded ghost.
Bored of blonde. Is now Purple.
When life gives you lemons, you burn them with your homemade flamethrower!
"Hardcore Dancing" - It looks like epileptic kids trying to swim.
http:////notalwaysright.com//when-mood-swings-attack-part-2//522 Last line especially Funny.
Life is like a Grapefruit. It's sort of orangey-yellow and dimpled on the outside, wet and squidgy in the middle. It's got pips inside, too. Oh, and some people have half of one for breakfast.
Fear My Mighty Pigeon Army!!!!
Roses are red, violets are blue, I'll fuck you with a rake.
I don't want to die now. I've still got a headache. I don't want to go to heaven with a headache, I'd be all cross and wouldn't enjoy it
AHHHHH, Facebook Fucked up good.
is doing a survey for £5.
The way we were, The chance to save my soul, And my concern is now in vain.  Believe the word, I will unlock my door, And pass the cemetery... gates
"Say one, more word, I double dare you, BRING IT ON! Its my world, you're in it, It'll take you down in a minute. You can alter your look, and diversify your race, but the truth seems like, a bitch slap In Your Face!"
Been Watching Pocoyo. You know you're jealous , Bitches!
Might be going to see Toy Story 3D in lunch tomorrow. XD
Sanity is nothing more than an excuse for being boring.
is Wondering if T-Rexes could Juggles?
It's a Wonderful day, for PIE!
The Eyes! The Red Squirrel Eyes!
is Back from adding a *PROPNAME* to the Cambridge Campus.
been awake for 12 hours now.
Facebook now in 1337.
lol @ "Never Mind The Buttsecks"
"I really can't afford to keep eating out this giraffe!"
Just found a dead wasp in a bottle of conditioner. WHAT THE FUCK!!!
Has Baileys.... Oh yeah!
has some new Airwalks.
has made plans to soak Gummy Beas in Vodka, so they swell up.
http:////explosm.net//comics//1777//
NOM, French Biscuits!
Ambition is like a frog sitting on a Venus Flytrap. The flytrap can bite and bite, but it won't bother the frog because it only has little tiny plant teeth. But some other stuff could happen and it could be like ambition.
Has just cooked Some lovely Chicken
"Clubbers in the North of England have taken to using dental syringes to inject Ecstasy directly into their mouths." "This dangerous practice is known as 'E by gum!'"
Whoop! Runshaw Time.
Only a Ginger... can call another Ginger, Ginger!!
mmm.... bloody steak.
Has self-diagnosed with Vestiphobia.
has decided on a new profession: Time-Travelling Porn Star.
Curvy Lip Spike be Funnnn!
Rocky, Rocky, Rocky, NO. Rocky, Tomato, Sheep, GO!
Wants a Christmas Samosa.
Sleeep Tomorrow. Vimto Now.
is on the Viking Offenders Register
His destructive programming is taking effect. He will be irresistibly drawn to large cities, where he will back up sewers, reverse street signs, and steal everyone's left shoe.
For a large part of the 20th Century, Communism tried to destroy Capitalism. Now in the 21st Century, the Capitalists are showing them how it's done!
Has returned from Tesco with Vimto and Blue Curacao!
"What a wonderful cupcake, Pato"
has decided he must get a Penguin tattoo.
loves how Facebook forces everyone to refer to themselves in the Third Person.
wants 3 THIGNS!
Monsters Inc. is ON!
Oh no, Run it's a... BUMBLEBEAR!!!!
Woah. AWESOME PARTY!!!!
Ducks cheat at Poker.
Henry Loves Crusts!
Wine is Umbrella.
Will the various owners of: A silver iPod Mini, a Blue Hoodie, a red scarf and a stick on moustache, please let me know who owns what, so I can return things.
Damn... StumbleUpon has stopped working.
And I haves 3 things...
Haikus are easy. But sometimes they don't make sense. Refrigerator.
I HAVE TOES!!!!
And IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII-e-IIIIIIIIIIII will always love Noodles.
What do you call a gun with three barrels?
You can't rub a pig on a Cheese grater, That's Dangerous.
I don’t wanna bike or fishing pole, I just wanna submarine. I’m gonna keep it in a swimming pool, Gonna keep it nice and clean. I don’t want a fucking pogo stick, I just wanna submarine. Fucking pedal car can suck my dick, Where’s my fucking submarine?
Mmm... Fish Fingers.
Anteater Power!!
Fuck. My left arm is alseep. I can't move my it from the wrist down.
Misfits = Guuuuurd.
"Jätkät hei, mä lähen meneen ny ihan oikeesti" "Hei Ankku hei, ennen ku lähet ni kato mitä mä toin sulle" "Ei jumalauta, hyvännäkönen. Siis eiks tää oo siis...." "On on, sixpack, kyllä" "Eihän sun ois tarvinnu hyvä mies, sitä paitsi meill' on noita väkeviä" "Nii nii, mut aamuks!"
is so watching Lilo & Stitch.
is watching insects. Insects are Silly.
loves Jam.
I need some CHEESE!
Mmm... Liquid Kryptonite!
Err:509
has a pile of Beer, many Spirits, and one can of Strongbow.
The Buddhist Hamburger joint: They'll make you one with everything.
What would bacon do?
has just taken apart his speakers to amplify his headphones.
Strange Quarks are strange.
Wants a Lovely Buttery Baked Potato...
has bought stripey Toe socks.
wants a Neon Cactus.
Vimto + Curacao = Black + Tasty!!!
WHO EATS ICE CREAM AT CHRISTMAS?!
Damn Powercuts!!!!
Everyone drank all the beer, all the spirits, But the one can of strongbow still remains!
"Please tell me you don't actually own a cloak", "I Own SEVERAL!"
Satan's Furry JamHats
is a Pastry Whore.
"Hakuna Matata" is Swahili!
There's no Pirate Translation for the Dislike Button!!!
Free Bar on Thursday!!!
Yesterday I discovered that it's almost impossible to tell the difference between a very heavy Scouse accent...        ...and French
http:////www.theonion.com//content//node//67259
PURPLE PENGUIN!!!   ...of death.
FUCK YEAH! *PROPNAME* 'Ass-raped by *PROPNAME*.
is fucking Ill.
has got a Fever. Anyone know the one and only prescption? lol
House to myself... Time for booze...
has a MOTHERFUCKING BLACKLIGHT!!!
& *PROPNAME* *PROPNAME* *PROPNAME* dance on Donkey Sancturies.
XD Black Hair!!!
has Just lost the Game.
Penguins don't have pockets.
"Oh hi; I'm here from the Internet.", "What are you doing!?", "Gluing Captions to your cats."
Royal Instiution Christmas Lecture. Trees Are EVIL!
3!!!
MOTHERFUCKING CHRISTMAS!
"I do not fear death. I had been dead for billions and billions of years before I was born, and had not suffered the slightest inconvenience from it."
There's a flying hooker watching you hug! Go away hooker...
has now gone BLONDE!
still Covered in Beeeees!
Sic vis pacem, para bellum.
SOOTY PUPPET!
has just watched *PROPNAME* saw *PROPNAME* in half.
I generally dislike *PROPNAME*. I do not find his form of "Comedy" Amusing.
All MY amplifiers go to 12!!!
*PROPNAME* 
It's not premarital sex if no-one will marry you...
Mmm... Damn new fucking children only watching blonde people fuck.
FUck.... Laptop sleeps retaredely slop whjen i'm wasted.
Leprechaun Pikachu!!
OMFG *PROPNAME* is in Elf...
Sand is overrated. It's just tiny, little rocks....
Whooop! Runshaw's Off. To the Sledging...
Those who died are justified, for wearing the badge, they're the chosen whites. You justify those that died by wearing the badge, they're the chosen whites
Way runshaw out tomorrow as well.
Fuck you Runshaw, I want to sleep tomorrow.
and *PROPNAME*. Leaders of an Awesome (yet possibly painful) New World Order.
"I'm Covered in Bees!"
I want to reconcile the violence in your heart. I want to recognize your beauty is not just a mask. I want to exorcise the demons from your past. I want to satisfy the undisclosed desires in your heart. ?
I was right. Glee has ruined Don't Stop Believin'.
I dream of a better tomorrow, where chickens can cross the road and not be questioned about their motives.
What? … The Carthaginians are attacking? God, I knew they'd do that. What? … They are attacking over the Alps? Damn, I knew they'd do that. What? … They're coming on elephants? … Where'd they get the elephants? There aren't any elephants in Europe.
is so Fucking Rock, so Goddamn Rock, so Motherfucking Rock!
I Fucking Hate *PROPNAME*...
Where's my Fucking Submarine?!
If you stick with a Rubik's Cube long enough, all the sides end up Red.
If an infinite number of rednecks riding in an infinite number of pickup trucks fire an infinite number of shotgun rounds at an infinite number of highway signs, they will eventually produce all the world's great literary works in Braille
*PROPNAME* skips like a Gay Raptor.
I feel I must concede Defeat on this matter. *PROPNAME* is definately not Short.     (HONEST!)
Some people are like Slinkies. They don't really have a purpose, but they still bring a smile to your face when you push them down the stairs.
has just now watched the first ever Tom & Jerry cartoon. From before they were actually called Tom and Jerry. How very awesome was *PROPNAME*.
My husband's Dead, My Son's a leper. Watch me Tapdance!
XD. Penguin is one of few English words with Welsh Origins, It means White Head.
I quite like my name at the Moment.
Ambition is a poor excuse for not having enough sense to be lazy.
The Silent killers are... Rocket Dinosaurs... In Space.
You Are What You Eat: "I Prefer Cheese & Crackers!"
Absolut Zero: The Freezing Temperature of Vodka.
“What? Beavers are real? I thought they were mythical creatures!”
has just watched The Shawshank Redemption and is about to watch Pulp  Fiction. Excellent Night.
My Haves teh Vimtoooo!!!
*PROPNAME* is Psychic, the Scurvy Curve!
First proper Hangover today: Good start to 2010.
"Cows - The Natural Predators of the Dyslexics"
There's no one like you. I can't wait for the nights with you. I imagine the things we'll do, I just wanna be loved by you. ?
Schoools out for... Winter?
DAMN YOU, JAM!!
The Toughest Decision of my life: Download or Sonisphere?
*PROPNAME* is a sexy Marshmallow Beast.
Parent's Evening + Bomb Scare = Mucho Chaos.
is afraid of getting raped in the woods by a bear in a clown suit.
Woop! Booze Haul...
Meet *PROPNAME*, My imaginary Donkey.
I don't know how they did it, but Tom and Jerry have just managed to make Drowning Kittens in a sack, funny.
"Welcome to your new, simplified home page." How the fuck is it simplified? They've just piled all the shit possible onto to page...
"Ah *PROPNAME*. Big Giant Robot Camels."
"Wait, people weren’t the first mammals?" *pauses* "Oh, no, of course.  The dinosaurs were here before us!"
“What’s ROFLMAO?! Is it ‘Rolling Around With My Fist In My Arse?’”
is Watching *PROPNAME* XY instead of doing the mass of Computing I have to do for tomorrow.
Giraffe
"What's Normal?", "What's Home?", "What are Cows?"
MAN THONG!!
Fuck Yeah! Wales have won, and I quite enjoy the irony of celebrating with scotch.
has Shiny, Greeny-Blue Hair! Fuck Yeah!
Chocolate Fish!
Of all my 80,000,000 ancestors, one of them MUST be Winnie the Pooh.
My mouse is suicidal...
Excellent. All of the new A7X album's Drums will be The *PROPNAME*'s Handiwork.
Mulan... Fuck Yeah! lol
~ Can You See? My Eyes Are Shining Bright, 'Cause I'm Out Here On The Other Side Of A Jet Black Hotel Mirror ~
~ *PROPNAME*'s swing dancing equals epic. xD
is back.
really wants a kitten... and I shall name her *PROPNAME*.
is sitting outside in Pennsylvania.
~ the kittens have officially been named. *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*.
is going back to Tennessee.
is back from Impact.
is obsessed with Maple Story again. :P.
has to rewrite a part of her story because she thinks she accidentally deleted it. ):
is sad...
is drawing *PROPNAME*. (*PROPNAME*!)
is going to Pennsylvania tomorrow.
got a hair cut.
wants Sims 3... xD
rearranged her room. Drastically. It's so different now. :D
is boredd.
~ goin' to college.
~ First Mission: Decode - Paramore.
is doin' German homework.
~ Chemistryy is soo hardd!
is going to the pool later.
is writing a Psychology essay.
~ ew, Chemistry.
is done with art and has nothing special going on anymore. ):.
is better, I guess, and finishing up the last Psychology essays.
wants to cut her hair again.
is still finishing homework. On to Algebra II.
is going to art class.
is writing. ~ 50 page mark! ~
wants a keyboard.
is in German classs.
is sick. And also bored. Someone talk to meee...!
starts Psychology tomorrow.
~ haha, *PROPNAME* is awesome. xD
can play Decode on the piano. :D
~ aerobics to Family Force 5? Epic.
~ goin' shopping tomorrow with mah friends :D
is writing essays.
feels rather sickly... ://
~ hahaha, no school.
hates writer's block.
is rearranging her room. :D. Much fun.
~ Mystery Retreat
~ blasting screamo and there's no one to give me a hard time about it. :D
is going to the HOPE game night.
is very bored.
has to take PSATs :(
got charcoals for Christmas :D
made cookies for soldiers. :D
is sitting in my bed with all four cats. Yes, I am just that awesome.
~ 73 pages//15000 words of continuous narrative. Almost ready for another editing phase (*PROPNAME* . . . *PROPNAME* . . .). Now we're getting into the complicated stuff . . . Fun.
is 17 in nine days! (I missed yesterday's count down...)
is already packed. xD
~ German riddles. Fun, fun. :P
~ Merry Christmas :D
~ Christmas in one day. Seventeen in six days.
is seventeen in three days!
has so much to do!
is seventeen. :P.
is 17 in twelve days!
has two kittens! The girl is *PROPNAME* and I need help with the boy... it's between *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, and *PROPNAME*. VOTE!
beat her sister in an arm wrestle. :D
is sad thinking about how her kitties are at home on her bed... alone... xD... poor kitties.
drew a bluebird and is now drawing a seagull.
is in Pennsylvania. :P
~ to the masquerade!
listening to Muse. ?  :D
cut her hair again. Short. Again.
~ grr... school sucks.
played much D&D. Muahaha.
~ CDC latest report: Autism effects 1 in 110 children born each day. 1 in 70 boys. Put this in your status for 1 HOUR if you know someone with AUTISM. Let our children's voices be heard. Here's to 2010 increasing awareness, research and proactively finding answers.
~ What actress do I look like? :o
~ "I can no longer tell the days from the nights. The moon glows an eerie red and I could swear it was covered in blood. What have you all done? What have you all become? A people more concerned with the temporary pleasures of this world rather than your salvation? I am now convinced that this is the end. As I raise my head towards the heavens to take one last look at the moon, the stars begin to fall."
sexy new laptop.  yay.
is chillin'.
"Many of us spend our whole lives running from feeling with the mistaken belief that you cannot bear the pain. But you have already borne the pain. What you have not done is feel all you are beyond the pain."   -*PROPNAME*
THANK GOD THAT WOMAN FINALLY LEFT THE FRIGGIN' HOUSE!!!
at NYU and playing sporkel!!!!  Yup, college is gonna be fun.  ;D
prom is in # hours and still not ready......  AAHHH!
I know it's kinda late, but I gotz a new phone, so I needz yo numbers!  Can I have your number?  Can I have iiiittt?!?!? lol
graduation!! ;D
wants to play some more tennis.
is on the prowl.
anyone wanna watch ice age 3 with me tomorrow?
stupid harry potter movie kept me up till 1:30 in the morning and did not help the fact i had to wake up at 6:30am.....  but it was good so i guess it was worth it. :)
is in the city hanging out in a sweet lounge watching people pass below, fighting the temptation to become one of the crowd.
prom madness!
is hooked on BONES. ;)
orientation creeps closer and closer like a birthday cake on wheels.
gonna be in the city about a week to work at New Life Church in Elmhurst for the little kiddies!  :)  yay!
is having things finalized....
is in Weinstein! holla!  XD
to the city for the weekend!  :D
GABRIEL IGLESIAS!!!  XD
done with work...for now
is stuck
lollipop!
head cold and it's raining.... not helping...  *sniffle
awesome party. and yes, it exceeded my expectations.  ;D
2 weeks left
still don't have my list of textbooks.  stupid bellmore mail... takes forever to get here!  XO
oh the craziness of prom...
waffles
*PROPNAME*= awesomest show i've ever seen
is officially settled in weinstein hall.  rm 428  PURPLE MONKEYS!!!!
tired. eyes are burning but my soul keeps yearning, for more than just a whispered good night.
had a 5 hour nap and is now procrastinating in writing her essay that's due tomorrow.  XD  whatever.  i gotz myself some smexy posterz!!!!!
boogabooogaboggaaa!
finally has the internet working after 3 days without it.  -.-"  withdrawal was harsh...  lol
like in high school i'm doing ma hw in the early mornin'.  and i'm doing it while procrastinating on fb.  lol
messed up an assignment for one class already in the early college season.  FML!!!!!!  stupid hw...  -_-"
i like fire  :3
just keep the ball rolling
just finished rewatching V for Vendetta and it rocked my sox
Casino Night was awesome.  I WON A SNUGGIE!!!!!!!  lmao
Going to the premier of Harry Potter with me awesome cousins in the city!  Yay!  sry daniel.....
BEACH BALL TONIGHT!!!!!!!   XD
has a paper due at 5 pm, yet here I am on fb.  typical
had a great night out with friends, ate awesome food, and watched stand up comedians on youtube.  fun...and now i'm tired.  g'night everybody.
justs wants to sleep but have to study and write 2 very large paragraphs... *yawns*
loling at new moon spoofs.  XD
still writing that essay....
stupid camera giving me hell!  agh!
Went apple picking during hte weekend with family.  But now, I must return to reality and work my ass off on Columbus Day.  Yay...
trying to do math hw but is distracted with other things like the shiny button on my sweater....  Shiny, i like shiny!
having fun in the am.  i also have a midterm on physics in the next 7 hours.  good night peoples and wish me luck!
FIRE DRILLLL!!!
NYU Portaits: Voices of a People was AMAZING!!!  XD
goin' out tonight!  XD
never going home during the weekday ever again!  waking up at 6:30am is a memory i'd rather keep in the past, thank you.  *yawn*
raining sucks!  stupid wetness......
5 page essay... Ready, set, go!!!!!!
stupid laptop making "whir" sounds.  maybe hitting will make it better?  *laptop dies*  ....damn....
gotz new shoes.  hooray!  ^o^
There has to be a better way to solve this else I die of fustration and disintegrate in my own rage.
trecked through the wetness only to discover that class was canceled......
Paper or Plastic
moop!
had it all set up for the weekend.  now it's all ruined.  hopefully, a trip to the met, visit to a spa, and quality time in li will smooth out the wrinkles in this disatrous turn of events.  meh...
FREEEDDDOOMMM!! Well, that is for now...
finished one essay.  Another four-paged essay to go.  But first, a 3 hour nap. :3
joy and freedom in the love of God!
didn't sleep 'til 6 am.  can't feel ma toes...
the first snow in nyc!!!!!!!!!!  afijeljaldsfjasd  XD
To the dickwads who sat in the table next to me: Yeah, insulting me in Korean behind my back thinking that I wouldn't understand...  Go back into the recess of the fucking cess pool you fucking crawled out of, you dumb fucks!  Love, *PROPNAME*
in kimmel jamming, drinking free coffee, and writing 3 essays before 10 am tomorrow!  gonna die from brain overload.
didn't sleep....tired.....probably gonna walk into traffic half-asleep. and the best part...i'm not done with that friggin' essay yet!
watched Hot Fuzz, then proceeded to watch Comedy Central, and finally, chatted with a drunk dude and his friend while watching Reno 911!
out of my mind with fustration and fatigue.  Oh, the life of a college student!
waiting for vacation time to roll around.....
i think this week of college just might kill me
nat. science final in a couple of hours....  more study or sleep?  argh, stupid test!!!
more partying at sandra's sweet 16!!!!!!!!!!!!  can't wait!
is wondering if she should even be here and if nyu was just a bad idea;  a very expensive bad idea....
to the gallery!!!!!
booga booga booga!  lol love courage!
just chillin'
is going shopping for college stuff!  WOOO!!!
hoping those leaving a safe trip and a lurvly Thanksgiving break.  Only a couple more hours to go!!!  XD
trying to write final papers in library... not working!  argh!!!
HEADING ON HOME!!!!  YEA BITCHES!!!  LET THE WINTER GAMES BEGIN!  (after i finish my conwest final papers....  ugh!)
ugh....tired...hw....essay....reading...blurghhl
retreat in a couple of hours... nervous.  meh!
hauling stuff out and moving into nyu in several hours!!!!
Snow, snow!  I love it so!!!!  XD  But getting to class is gonna be interesting....
"If at first you don't succeed, find out if the loser gets anything."    -*PROPNAME*
it's so cold outside!!!  hot cocoa anyone?  :D
rofl how i'm using physics regents table to do college physics hw.  oh the irony.
so tired....................................it might snow tonight.
had a great time with friends, met some new peoples, and experienced one hell of a night!!!!
randomness reigns supreme!
the snow, the snow!  ahh the snow!!  oh if only if i were a few years younger...  i would spend the day with cups of hot chocolate and pummel my baby brother into the snow!
lovin' "Neighbors Know My Name"- *PROPNAME* and lovin the thumpin of my heart and feet pounding on the dance floor!  been too long baby!
SCHOOL'S CLOSED BIATCH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
opus 10 no. 1: 10 years in the making ... i'm so happy to finally be able  to play these arpeggios up to speed without feeling like my arm will fall off after the first phrase.
is done .. first real summer break in years.
detox water fast
on vacation 2 weeks to learn statistics. haha
watched a whole bunch of queer movies on youtube. love it
i really miss driers, trader joe's, and whole foods.
day 1 trip planning, bought a very nice travel guide
back to the polonaise fantasie. 4 pages done. at this miserable rate the piece will be ready in a decade.
to Frisco for a day.
marinating a pound of bulgogi. We would need a grill but it is pretty good anyway. Want to try some?
dying for first vietnamese food in years. i could dream of pho tonight
bye bye San Jose
sad to leave San Jose -(
hooked on PBS
really like PBS's The Ascent of Money.
first day PhD applications, forgot how challenging this is.
GRE sorrows
New Woody Allen is genius
when your thesis is on saddle-point model selection and matlab can't find any saddle points, you're in deep ...
high on Scarlatti and Chopin.
Done with 5 apps!
bulgogi turned out tasty after all. congrats to all those with working ovens who roasted a beautiful bird, it's fun hearing your success stories. merry christmas!!
German bureaucracy ... annoying as all hell even from this side of the Atlantic.
saw *PROPNAME* WTC 1, can't wait for the Partitas in March.
Looking forward to Beethoven G Major Concerto tonight!
can someone explain to me how keith can misspell "beginner" and "hear" but can then use asphyxia correctly in a sentence?
it's 4:30 and i'm still awake.  i hate myself sometimes
if i can write a screenplay in two days i can submit it to a festival.  fat chance of that
um, mother nature . . . i love thunderstorms as much as the next person, but this is the 3rd one today.  could you get your shit together?  thank you.
i am now replacing my highly original baseball status with one about women's tennis: jelena jankovic thinks she's the number one tennis player?  i'd love to try whatever she's on
"If your friend got assassined, how would you respond" . . . probably with: that doesn't even make sense
a little glass vial. a little glass vial? a little glass vial.
nothing like falling asleep for an hour then waking up and being wide awake. stupid body
is still awake at 3:30.  oh me
just for the record, kim just made me log into her account to harvest her farmville raspberries
editing blows
was over baseball april 1.  is it ncaa basketball time yet?
*PROPNAME* said, ""I was just the vessel. It wasn't *PROPNAME*'s sperm. Just like I stick the sperm up my horse, this is what they did to me. I was his thoroughbred." And this is the part where my brain vomits...
going to your cousin's wedding?  awesome.  going to legend's bar afterwards?  not.
finished Pride & Prejudice & Zombies instead of watching Ghost in the Shell.  I'm classy.  Also, a giant geek. :)
heard mariah carey's new song on the ride home tonight.  she needs to give it up already
justine henin, stay the hell away from tennis.  no one wants you back.  you sir, were a bitch
suck on that nadia petrova
If cavemen and astronauts got into a fight, who would win?
so, i locked the doors on my truck at kim's, because it's a main road and we'd be busy editing the movie.  however, when i left, i noticed that i left all my windows open.  probably not the safest of security systems
If cavemen and astronauts got into a fight, who would win?
who called me today and left a voicemail?
mom: i'm sitting on main street like a hooker
merry christmas eve y'all.  i shall celebrate by working at b&n making drinks for annoying last minute shoppers.  i know you're jealous, I just hope it doesn't ruin our friendship
keith just told me he thinks we should go to ireland
i require 4 farmville gifts that are not one of the following trees//animals: peach, bananananana, date, passion fruit, pomegranate, lime, lemon, avocado, pig, duck, sheep, goat, or horse.  you shall be rewarded in the afterlife :)
rock band and ddr.  yessss
wants to play beatles rock band or wii resort but can't because keith is watching footloose
did i piss off a gypsy?  because there's a fly in my room that won't leave me alone.  better make sure i have an anvil tied up in the garage and a sharpened ice skate handy :)
excuse me mother nature, why the hell is it snowing
almost done hearing about baseball.  yessss
um, across the universe was even better the 2nd time.  would probably be even betterer if one was high i would imagine
i need to write an even stupider screenplay than i did for the first round.  this will be fun
where the wild things are should have been called where the sucky ass movie is
Nîn o chithaeglir, lasto beth daer; Rimmo nîn Bruinen dan in Ulaer.
that noise you  heard at approximately 11:21 est was keith puking.  it might have sounded like a black hole opening, or a monster being stabbed to death, or any number of things, but it was just keith.  the more you know *star wipe
very close to not having to hear about baseball again for 6 months.  can't wait
expansion.  and chicken coops.  send me chickens :)
my ankle hurts.  stupid dishwasher door
pac 10 football . . . what the hell are you guys doing this season?
I heart rockband.  and the beatles.  and my bandmates
can someone explain to me how keith, who played football, well, "played," who acts like the world's biggest sports fan, and just told me he used to go to legend's on sundays to watch football, didn't know what fair catch was
Louisiana justice of the peace who refused to marry an interracial couple: I'm not a racist . . . I have piles and piles of black friends. Sure you do.
well dish n' dat happy hour was a bad idea :)
anyone else click accept gift today and facebook told you you ignored it?
so happy i'm not clopening this weekend
happy all hallows' eve kids :)
well squats were certainly a good idea right before bed  . . . stupid stairs
got more film developed.  and there are a lot of you in it.  be very afraid
i'm strange.  and i like it.  that's just the way i am.
happy turkeying errbody
alright . . . thought i was working at noon . . . working at 2.  holla
*PROPNAME*
well, it's 1:00.  i've had drinks.  and need to be at work far too soon.  in other words, great night.  happy birthday thom :)
i hate to say anything that might offend my facebook peeps, but paranormal activity sucks beyond the telling of it.  i cannot remember ever being this disappointed in a movie
anyone wanna pay me to hang out, play video games, maybe write a screenplay, and be sarcastic?  cause that would be awesome :)
I kind of have the best coworkers you could have
dear kiss 95.7 and kc 101.  could you possibly get off lady gaga's jock for 2 seconds and play a different song?  thank you
i just realized, due to not being able to sleep, that i never settled the debate i started a few weeks ago.  regarding cavemen vs. astronauts, "cave men win.  of course the cave men win." if you don't agree, take it up with fred
the volleyball championship was on tv this weekend.  i want to play volleyball :(
i'm going to one up toni: there aren't words for how good Avatar is.  suck on that kenny :)
home again.  with lots of laundry and little food.  hurray
can't sleep . . . work will be fun tomorrow :)
now that i've been released from the clutches of retail it's time for some friends and family.  merry xmas eve peeps
still waiting on ps3 and//or an iMac, but i haven't exchanged gifts with steve yet, so i'm holding out hope that it will happen :)
watching the forgotten . . . i already know i'm going to be pissed off at the end
why the hell am i still awake
a good night's sleep will hopefully make me excited to close tomorrow :)  cause right now i don't want to
if your 2009 was good, i wish you an even better 2010.  if it could have been better, i wish you a great 2010.  i do not, however, wish any of you a happy new decade, since the decade ends at the end of next year
am i supposed to be surprised that manny and ortiz were on the 2003 steroids list?  the much more surprising, and much shorter list, would be people playing in the past 10 years who weren't on the list
dear santa, here is a list of gifts I hope to see under the tree tomorrow: -ps3 -27" iMac (i didn't put it on my list, but you should have known) -mini cooper -screenwriting job thank you.
i don't know that i can express how much i love my coworkers :)  one of my best birthdays ever.  i even did a shot :)
a) louisville got jobbed tonight -- those refs were an embarrassment b) avatar was even better the second time :)
Have you met them face to face?  I hear them.  It's good enough for the blind.
update.  after i feel down the stairs last night, i stood up and proceeded to faint at which point keith came out and started slapping me asking if i was ok.  and in my head, i was responding just fine, but was apparently just mumbling to him.  if i wasn't in pain i would laugh :)  also, good to know that he's there for me when i need him
jacked up my neck somehow.  this should be a good night's sleep
said it before, will say it again, i work with some of the best people on the planet
um, keith is trying to argue with me about tennis. a) he doesn't get tennis b) he doesn't get arguing
Dish n' Dat in Canton for my bday celebration.  And moderate drinking, by me at least.  I will not be pulling a *PROPNAME*
jacked up my neck again.  and my finger.  and my hand.  and my shoulder.  and elbow.  and knee.  and my calf.  i'm kind of awesome
we are the world should not, under any circumstances, have auto-tune.  or a rap solo.  or vince vaughn.
isn't nyquil supposed to knock your ass out?
Writing, then 2 chapters homework, then bed. Or just Loveline ?
My mind is so confusing, it's scary.
I just....I can't do this without family...friends. Anybody ?
Getting together map, snacks, music, and up-all-night accessories for Hollywood. Will starting driving at 4 am.
Loveline, pills, and a kitty. Best combo ever. night.
Fucking hell, grrrr....
Gah, head's pounding. I wish I wasn't in so much pain. It makes the pills that much more tempting...
Okay, so what are the different plans for Friday night in LA ? There's *PROPNAME*...?
Some people say pain can be controlled by the mind. I do not agree with these people. It doesn't mean I don't admire them though.
Doctors seem to want me to sit out. In a wheelchair...no fucking way. I'd rather walk down the street with tears streaming, than be benched....which, unfortunately, is not too far off.
Well anyway, fuck it. I'm gonna die young but happy. Rather than healthy and old.
Gonna be 83 degree today ! Coffee, sunshine, and sweet email from a friend. Day started with love, is continuing, and will end in love.
Home...finally. Sooooo tired...gonna get a couple hours before work starts up again.
Alright, recharged as it were. If this is a night of no dark dreams; you are a miracle worker too.
Easy to read; I like that !
Sleeeeeeeeeep......
I find I'm enjoying tiny poetry.  Such as: Rain- My ears hear a drip, drop, splash It's more of a scream, laugh, live And you make it so hard not to be cliche. You pile on my dreams,  Like power lines on a sky. Is it raining where you are ?
Not tired, must sleep. Long week ahead, and no weekend. Friday is no longer a day off. Sore all over, but I asked for it. Cig, Loveline, sleep...smile, love, remember.
Today was a much needed day off !! Back to a fake smile tomorrow, but rejuvinated by friends tonight.
It's moments like this that I wish I worked for Walmart. I hate rape. I'm no good at counseling "victims". Especially when it's a parental perpetrator. Why is this the way of the world ? Why is it reality ?
Blah ! Work lots, need money. Not worth it really. I'm loosing the happiness !!
Sore throat starting out. Tempted to gargle vodka, but must get some work done.
Frustrated beyond all hell, blog isn't helping.
"I've been high, and I've been down, my head in the clouds and my hands on the ground. "
I think I would be dead without my heating pad. I am completely serious.
I don't know where my mind is in this moment. It's so fleeting; emotion. I'm so tired, but I can't sleep. And like *PROPNAME* says, a shotgun just leaves a messed up wall.  Ah well. Random thoughts. Better go to bed before that crap goes deeper.
Gah, headache. Okay my body's failing me; I'm going to put off work 'til tomorrow and take care of myself now. Ice cream, giant sweater, warm bed...I'm comin'.
Okay, people, seriously..."lol" is so blood annoying when you use it on every line.
Fuck. Okay, file another tragic story in a box of my mind to be dealt with when I no longer have a heart. Wonder how much longer it'll take...not too long now.
Okay, I'm no good at positivity right now. That's my work "hat". So sue me.
Ah coffee....makes the world go 'round.
I feel emptied out; please rain down on me...darkness and light, come fill me up.
Okay, must sleep. Must work in mere hours...ah who am I kidding ? I don't sleep. Or eat. Just smoke...and work. And love.
Got the new iPhone 3GS. Don't ask how, I won't tell you. But thank you.
"I like my chicken fried, a cold beer on a friday night, a pair of jeans that fit just right, and the radio up !"
QTD: "'Flower' usually refers to a vulva in general, not virginity or 'cherry popping' as the kids would say." Hahahaha
"Little red bird under a chair, waiting for the crumbs to fall. Daddy said, 'Get a job'. Well don't you see, Daddy, how good I am at catching crumbs ?"
Aggrevated that I let someone else take me from really happy to hurt and depressed. It's on me to change my reaction to be one of Loveful Me.
I need to be asleep. I get up in....5 hrs ? No idea really. What am I doing again ?
"For a moment I love everything I see and think and feel..."
"Walking by the river I...reach my hands to cup the sky. It runs down my arms...a bitter blue. Turn to red, and the gashes grew." God, this song...every word is raw and honest.
I am what I make of myself. I am Love. I am.
I wish I was in NYC and seeing *PROPNAME* tomorrow night....
I need to go back to my live food diet. Not 90% like before, but I bet I could do 75% without losing too much weight..
It's ugly here. But there are sparks...moments. Love.
I guess it all depends on your mood...why can't these meds be any damn good ?
"I believe in love. It's just my heart that keeps turning me down. I believe in love, I think it's just fine."
I always want the blog to be the magical valve. Turn it on, write, be healed. It never is though. And now I still hurt, I just feel more raw now. As long as I stay with the emotion and don't deny...I'll be alright.
Fucking musicians. Fuck musicians...
<3
Now that I'm done writing, I need food...hmmm....
I did that shit with spasms, AND after 8 shots of espresso today. WHO DA MAN ?? Beauty school, here I come...right after this next Criminal Minds. <3
I have to find the superhero I use to be. I can't bring myself to believe it was just the Love of a silly boy that did it.
(Breast cancer awareness question - what colour bra are you wearing ?) No colour. I'm not a fan of bras lately. But this is a stupid FB idea. It doesn't really raise awareness unless you also say what the hell it's about !  Stupid, stupid.
My most awesome friend just surprise-attacked me with a present of a dark chocolate bacon bar...drool. Best. Moment. Ever.
Again, my company and night are ruined by some physical ailment of mine. I am fucking tired of it.
Wow, fresh air. Crazy. Good day sunshine, you're my favourite star.
Okay, sleep. Dreaming of bacon and dark chocolate. mmmm....
To be something I am not...that is what I'll be when I grow up. God, it'll be stunning.
Okay. Maybe not sleep.
Pain is a bitch.
Got called in to work tomorrow. At least I don't have to run groups. Bed early tonight.
Wow been a tiring and painful day. Gonna set up a movie and try to relax. Love to all of my beautiful friends and family for the support and awesomeness of who they are. And a high five to my Surgeon who is THE man and gives me hope of having a less painful life. <3 you all. You make me happy, yes YOU.
My most Awesome Surgeon says I can try walking today and if all goes well, I can work tomorrow !! YAY !! I'm gonna need the money if I wanna try and quit this job to focus on my other jobs//opportunities. Wish me luck on the walking ! I'll report back.
Just ate a nice happy cow filet with red wine reduction. Wish my feet weren't throbbing so I could really cook !! Tomorrow we shall throw down...my 12-in skillet and me.
Having surgery today. I can't wait to be in hospital. I'm not a big fan of surgery. But hospitals feel like home to me. Calming in the chaos.
Reading an amazing book called Stranger in a Strange Land. Now I'm listening to Loveline and trying to rest for the god-aweful full day tomorrow.
Off to a training, not back til Sunday. So tired. So in pain. Starbucks will make it all better, I know it !
Last day at work. I caught myself laughing at something horrific last night. Laughter is how I cope, but...I can't wait to laugh at happy things again.
I have no water right now. WHY
Ecco la marcia ...la marcia marcia arcia cia a...
just watched Der Rosenkavalier for the first time OH MY GOD
*PROPNAME*... D: *PROPNAME* too?
ITURBI
*PROPNAME*, it's like you aimed just left of funny.
saw Corialanus at the Globe today. Now where's Dido?
anyone know of a good recording of L'elisir D'amore? Everything I've listened to so far has been sort of crap crap crap UNA FURTIVA LAGRIMA crap crap crap crap crap. I know it's the hit song but god is there a recording that's good as a whole unit anywher
Finished Steppenwolf. Not for everybody.
just watched *PROPNAME* as *PROPNAME*, something that has forced me to revise my previous low opinion of him. It was great! Right up there with Philip Langridge and *PROPNAME*, which I understand is weird to say seeing as he came first of all. But sti
1. On campus housing TOO EXPENSIVE. 2. There is no fat or sugar in this house how is life possible. 3. So many stupid looking dogs SO MANY STUPID LOOKING DOGS
oh huh, this is 4th of July weekend coming up? Probably not the best time to try coming up...
"*PROPNAME* Teaches Trying?" *PROPNAME*, sometimes in your ceaseless effort to provide a slightly more depressing take on various topics, you come up with a bit of a stretch.
Hi Chicago, what's up
just saw Thirst. It was dark when I got out, and I was by myself, so I jogged part of the way home. Hell if I know why...scary wouldn't really be the word for that movie I don't think...
well that didn't work
Oh right, there is a diction exam tomorrow. Huh.
*PROPNAME* more convincing as the king than *PROPNAME*? Wow... I mean he's good and all, but I sure know one source of reviews to ignore now
Wow, *PROPNAME* was very small.
Hahahha Mad Men. "You can't sing." "Take that back...I quit the Tigertones because I had mono." "I am so high right now." hahaahaha
after months of failure, I am going to try to come up to LA for a day before everybody disappears. I'm thinking this Friday?
Novelists sure don't like the suburbs
Dead Like Me is such a fun concept executed so...disappointingly.
yes yes what a fun thing....
is gonna be eating various kinds of wraps for every meal for a while now.
Refrigerator: "Drrrrrr" Lights: "Flicker..."
Okay, songs for bass//low baritone and orchestra: Songs and Dances of Death The Vagabond Le Bal Masque Old American Songs Ich Habe Genug The Ravel and Ibert Don Quixote cycles then all those Mozart concert arias what else?
My first thought was "wow, everybody is having birthdays at once...what a coincidence!" Then I remembered all of those profiles we made for Threepenny...
wishes people could just agree on one perfect technique and have done with it!
slept so much last night
WOAH, tough day! GO GO GO REGROUP DOMINATE AHHHHH
It's surprising how much better *PROPNAME* makes everything
In The Loop on Opera: “It's just vowels, subsidized foreign f***ing vowels.” Hahahahaha
Hmm...it might finally be time to get a coat.
feels pretty ooky, but is going to try to power through and sing in everything tomorrow anyway. Good idea? Let's watch!
Every time I log in to something and I see one of those checkboxes next to the words "Remember Me," I can't help but think - ever so briefly - "but ahhhhh, for-r-ge-et my faaate."
No more student tickets for opening night at the lyric opera! Hmm... How unmissable is tomorrow going to be? I'm thinking I may go anyway.
Wow, major insomnia attack. Might be a nocturnal weekend.
stupid light vegetable and noodle soup you are the worst soup have you not heard of flavor i bet you've never even heard of the gym
hmm how far is it reasonable to go to get a hard to find arrangement that you really want?
"What's on your mind?" summer programmmms
glerc blech hack hakk kkrrr
ugg calling in sick is a surprising amount of work
it's a bird, it's a plane, it's a BIRDPLANE
god I can't even look at nfcs. confused enough as it is!
oh my god rice cookers are incredible
"The eternal passion stretches me apart" ---> "The eternal puhsshuun stroechuuz muh apoooooohh!" Music by *PROPNAME*. Revisions brought to you by the letter F.
*PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* are doing Dr. *PROPNAME*'s *PROPNAME* Songs? eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!
Does anyone else spend waaay too much time worrying about what aria to start an audition with? Or is it an irrelevant point and I'm just stupid? Grrrrrr
Was just blown away by a Schumann symphony...what? I don't know what to believe anymore...
oww my back...today i'm like 70 or something
just lost an hour to scramble when he should have been packing. How are people getting such high scores? Ahhhh
so happy! dum duh duh DA dadadada dm dm dm dm
Haha the *PROPNAME* montage where he's talking about how he's a great leader and a really nice person and they're juxtaposing it with all these clips of him being a jerk... so perfect! He's still one of the guys I'm rooting for though.
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh go go go go go
is on a SERIOUS hans hotter kick right now...recovery is uncertain...
[h?-lo? ?-v??-ba-di hau a? ju]
It's pretty amazing how many hours are required to organize a presentation that is going to last no more than twenty minutes. This would be so much simpler if I could just call Haydn as a witness.
I finally went grocery shopping. Picked up a small piece of raclette, not knowing what it was, because I wanted something to put on crackers. Turns out it is supposed to be melted over a flame or special grill and then immediately scraped onto some kind of bread. Whyyyy did I get such a difficult cheese? Will just putting it right on a pan or toasting it somehow work? I guess we'll see!
Streeterville? Wrigleyville? Printer's Row? What is this
just ate a ton of sugar woaaahhh... Explain to me again why I'm not ripped?
hungry and got no food but it is cold out so I don't want to go out to get it! Instead I plan to put Safety Dance on repeat. yes yes i will be fed by the power of dance in a strange medieval town
realized today he had no idea what was in eggnog, and looked it up, secretly expecting to find that it was made from something horrible. It is actually made of far more wonderful ingredients than I ever could have imagined!
was a huge baby when he had his wisdom teeth out a few years ago. Just splayed out on the couch whining constantly. His sister, however, had them out today and treated it like it was nothing!
Airplane time soon, it's a vehicle that flies, but that's not important right now. Hahahahahah...hahah...
Reading Rainbow was cancelled? Noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
Time to get my final wisdom tooth out :(
Why is there rain everywhere???
passed all three of his entrance exams for theory and history yessss
Visiting LA on Tuesday!
After the competition, went to the zoo. THE ZOO. Talked to THE ANIMALS. "Oh my God, look at you! You are tiny! HAHA you are a FROG! Oh wow high five frog."
was PERFECTLY noctural today. My sleep schedule is the worst it has ever been ever! Ugggggggggg...
Hooo...this semester...am I right guys? Wild!
Wow, *PROPNAME*...I've never heard anything quite like that in person! My search for similar sounds has led me to *PROPNAME*, so very productive post-concert internet session. SO COOL
I just dreamed the mob kidnapped me and was forcing me to host a toothpaste infomercial. The draw for the toothpaste is that it was used by athletes in the Olympics. I kept getting all the names and locations wrong because nobody told me what they were. A burly guy in a suit was getting pretty upset cause we were stopping so much. He was on the roof for some reason. The set looked suspiciously like my backyard. Huh.
cooked with shiitake mushrooms for the first time today. they're so smelly!
oh my god House! =D
Where The Wild Things Are looks soooo good!
Terrorist-underprivilegeds bombed three hoverports, and I should be scared or angry, the newsfeed says. But the sky is so empty and quiet and beautiful.
went to class, realized i never printed out my essay, made a mad dash back to print it out, and continued said mad dash back to the armory. eesh.
dyed her hair =]
recieved The Electric Kool-Aid Acid Test in the mail today =D
is going to go play Boston on the piano =]
hasn't had power for the past 2 hours..man im so bored.....
poor farrah, poor michael =[
is wearing and listening to less than jake =] =]
IS going to warped tomorrow! =D =D (close one!) gah! so happy =]
loves snl. and is going to marry bill hader =]
got out of the house tonight finally =] had a grand time. this had better start happening more often.
needs something witty to put as her status.
woke up this morning with both of her arms asleep. unpleasant.
"So judge me by my actions. Maybe some will be scared enough to wake from their walking dream state"
all the statues in town came to life. but they'd been watching long enough to know not to move.
could listen to L.A.X. by Big D and the Kids Table about a hundred times in a row hahaa
movies =]
the glass passenger =]
--it's postsecret sunday everyone!
has contacts finally, its been a long time coming. its quite nice to see
to do: raise lambs in the Alps and, in turn, become a german shepherd.
17 soups in a hot plate
found long lost Third Eye Blind cd!
likes pina coladas and getting caught in the rain
Perseids tonight!...though accompanied with a bright moon. =\ Still excited! =]
quad day, got some fantastic posters, donated blood...productive day.
is very anxious for House to start again in september
moved in yesterday, got victoria moved in today, and now we're just..hangin out. in our room sweet room. outdoor concert and comedy tonight? yay!
is back from the late nighter and didnt get hypnotized =[ and very hungry...
my ID card has been found! =D
moves out the day after tomorrow
shot the moon!
s last day of work is tomorrow... and it's gonna be a long one =[
hey everyone! What A Wicked Gang Are We Below by Streetlight Manifesto!
got caught in the rain =\
wants to take a rorschach test...
cuz lately im not dreamin so whats the point in sleepin? its just that at night i've got nowhere to hide.  --love me some jack's mannequin =]
lost her bromley id again... probably won't be so lucky to get it back this time.  Darn these shallow pockets!
bought some mod podge. is going to collage some things. rather excited.
"when you look annoyed all the time, people think you're busy."
is going to the football game at shiloh tomorrow =] haha yay
misses writing as much as i used to. needs a journal.
totally saw a guy with a neck brace looks both ways before crossing the street today. hahaa made my day for a bit
"My son got into DeVry." "What'd he have to do, open the door?"
its rainy and sun shiny and warm and beautiful =] but...its stopping.. sigh.
has nothing (of interest) to do.
there's nothing to writing. all you do is sit down at a typewriter and open a vein.
bah. this always happens. ah well. thinking about making blueberry muffins.
What do you call someone who speaks more than one language? A polyglot. What do you call someone who speaks only one language? An American.
is out of cinnamon toast crunch =[
needs a new camera =[
pasta and criminal minds marathon and putting off reading
warped tour was fantastic =]
bored, tired, work tomorrow and the next two days and then im done =] and then 6ish days from then i move in. delightful!
....lost my bromley id. already. curse my absent mind.
robot chicken!
And the world might end tonight!
you know whats cool? project runwayers making clothing out of newspaper.
just can't get down to business...curse you, homework.
may as well try and catch the wind. dee dee dee dee dee....
snl tonight =]
sick =\
is tired and irritated. almost time for green tea and robot chicken! hope i get my stupid bromley id tomorrow.
drew a blank...and put it in a frame.
"Uh, didn't ask about your hair, *PROPNAME*."   "You asked with your eyes, *PROPNAME*. You asked with your eyes."
jimmy fallon does one heck of a seinfeld impersonation
I love when people misinterpret brutally depressing songs. Like Born in the USA, or Happy Birthday.
has played more Freecell today than any man should.
*PROPNAME*'s on Leno =]
2 more classes, a quiz to fail, a long-awaited nap, and maybe dinner if i feel like getting up.
feels absolutely great =D
back from the doctor with many many meds
is still practically deaf in my right ear after two weeks... getting old, i say. unpleasant.
off off off with your head,,dance dance dance til youre dead
still, i wouldn't mind punching something.
you and i, we're just too shy
got her books today. rather excited for intro to poetry. read sylvia plath and edwin arlington robinson on the way home =] also, got glasses today. not too sure how i feel about them. didnt not wear them on the way home
HOUSE! HOUSE EVERYONE, HOUSE!
zooey deschanel and death cab for cutie front man ben gibbard got married =D how cuuute
paper done with 20 minutes to spare. poptart time.
dakota fanning's getting beat up on robot chicken heh hehh..excellent.
can't get enough glass passenger
It's "Fumbles". It's always been "Fumbles".
meh. forgotten test in the morning.
is Nancy Drew.
got two pairs of cartilage piercings today =]
going to play some piano!
be excellent to each other!
10 hour workday? boo.
has consumed so many cough drops as of late, i'm making a wrapper bracelet with those too.
Ah, love at first sight. When you see someone so beautiful that you forget they aren't there just for you.
found Mad World sheet music =]
some man sold his kidney for $20,000...sounds like a plan
laptop finally came, woop. its purple. its lovely.
500 Days of Summer was very very good =D
Courage the Cowardly Dog is on!
one more class, dr's appointment (hearing has improved!), missing House because of the midterm tonight =[
watchin benny and joon =)
9am class for tomorrow is cancelled. Huzzah!
sent a postcard to postsecret yesterday =]
s ears are sore haha. worth it! Nothing on the tube.... will continue to study for tmrs psych midterm momentarily =\ meh.
wants to be able to put the wild things commercials on her ipod to watch allthetime =]
is watching robot chicken. It's aliive!
and by that i mean that everyone should listen to Viva Discordia by That Handsome Devil. now.
Criminal Minds!
feels she did poorly on her midterm; starts third psych class tmr; needs to create some ipod playlists; is preoccupied.
gets to sleep in tomorrow! kinda disappointed that all my classes are canceled except one =\ wouldn't mind the whole day off.
has a paper due tomorrow. will start in a bit, i think. would've helped to have read anything before this point. ah well!
is downloading wilco and watching third rock from the sun!
I've always known I'd be a bank robber. So judge all you want, ladies and gentlemen. Because you never did become an astronaut.
crowd surfed at *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*! =D
We bet him five dollars that he would drown. A bittersweet victory.
Overpopulation will only accelerate until we need walled cities to keep out the hungry, swarming, insane masses. And they will scrape and dig under the walls like bug eyed mole men. You say catastrophe. I say, fuck yes.
Jai Guru Deva om... Nothing's gonna change my world.
Err:520
is rocking the casbah.
HOUSE!
is updating her facebook status.
is off to brunch!
needs another project. needs more chain.
loves you, yeah yeah yeah.
....curse this internet and//or computer. whichever one is currently sucking and screwing up facebook. screwing up everything!
is looking into her personality type. has the same as luke skywalker, gandhi, and adam sandler, among others. is pleased.
sabrina the teenage witch is on! i haven't seen it in years! =D really takes me back...
You are beautiful, sir. But I hope you're interesting, too. Do you read? Do you think about what you read? I specifically told the agency I wanted someone who thinks about what he reads.
might as well be walkin on the sun
"the verdict falls like bachelors for bad-luck girls"
And if a ten-ton truck kills the both of us - to die by your side, well, the pleasure, the privilege is mine.
finished the rough draft of my explication of The Mill.   *PROPNAME* is spectacular!
"It wasn't radioactive," the doctor said, "it was a Brown Recluse spider." "Fuck that," I said, "My spidey sense is tingling!" "That's nerve damage," he said.
the most interesting man in the world doesn't always eat soup. but when he does. he prefers cream of mushroom.
hug a vegetarian day!
I don't mean to seem disrespectful, officer. But god damn, I want like three of you.
NEW SNL!
i for one am loving the wind
also just got back from seeing the Chief dance.
needs something to do tomorrow//wednesday afternoon.. don't wana be around for fire code inspections.
slept in like nobody's business today. makin biscuits.
is making the coolest bracelet ever.
i've got troubled thoughts and the self esteem to match. what a catch, what a catch. -- the music video is delightful =]
check your time boy, check your time
is *PROPNAME*. Yes!
is watching SNL =D
superfastinternet is beautiful.
"Every generation had its socially-conscious youth: flappers, beatniks, hippies, punks... Today we have hipsters, but instead of contributing largely to a social cause, they're just a bunch of pretentious pricks."
nap, two classes, headed home.
is just a teenage dirtbag, baby. Yeah I'm just a teenage dirtbag baby. Listen to Iron Maiden, baby, with me. Ooohoooooo.. =D
Truth and Beauty are wonderful words. But shrapnel is shrapnel. And at the end of the day I am alone with the things I have done.
ordered a real winter coat today! It's been long overdue.
is anticipating tonight's Criminal Minds!
sophisticasherwood anderson
found out that Jolly Pirate Donuts near her house in WV was the one shown on that Smoking Gun episode!  Awesome! ^^
is feeling a little subbydub today.
has a new baby sister!  Little Baby No-Name!
just found an organization called Think Before You Speak that flips out about people saying, "that's gay," claiming that it's offensive.  That's pretty gay, if you ask me.                                                                                    
There is now officially a tea-growing Subbydub Ocean, according to *PROPNAME*.
has officialy decided that *PROPNAME* is named after *PROPNAME*.
is back from the beach a little scraped up and sunburned, but otherwise okay!
is in Georgia tomorrow, then to Florida Saturday, and back to Georgia Sunday.
s epic wound is starting to heal!  Yay!
has only 8 more days to use the government's money.  Anyone want me to go run the water and waste some more of their money?  Got any grudges?   ;)
can't remember the name of that agility school in WV and can't find it on the Internet!  Anyone else remember?  Dad or MJ?
is in Valdosta tomorrow, then to St. Augustine Saturday, then back to Valdosta Sunday, and back home to Charleston Sunday, too.
just scrubbed the inside of the car.  In the dark.  With the mosquitoes.
just got back from the pool.  Wow, I'm exhausted...
stayed up to finish The Kite Runner last night, probably around four in the morning.  I'm not sure because I don't have a clock up there! lol
just finished "There Are No Children Here."  It was horrendous.
s little sister told her that she could "ride her tricycle with no handlebars."  As long as you don't start singing their more political songs, sweetie.  :P
just planned the perfect field trip. ^^
spent 1 hour in the car, 2 hours in Potomac Mills, only went to 2 stores, and got just a cup out of the whole day.  WOW.
is going to try drawing upstairs.  Didn't work so well in the car.  Usually a change of atmosphere helps.
The early bird gets the worm...but the second mouse gets the cheese in the trap.  Words to live by.  I do, at least.
just got back from the zoo.  No gray wolves, no girraffes...really not much of anything.  :(
s mom can't find a cheap orange Jansport backpack online because *PROPNAME* used one in Twilight, so everyone's paying top-dollar for them.  Hilarious.  :D
is having fun learning the 12 Principles of Animation.  Also, I drove on a road for the first time yesterday.  Don't worry; it was just a few blocks, and everyone should be back on their feet in no time.  ;)
just told *PROPNAME* died.  There was a short pause.  "We need a new *PROPNAME*."  Nice.
s hamster died last night. :(
Tuition at Rhode Island is 35 grand!!
The girl walking me to my classes today asked me if I played any sports.  HAHAHAHA HA ha ha ha...Ahh, that's funny.  Silly cheerleaders.
might need to make an easier "how-well-do-you-know" quiz.  Go take it and tell me.  ; )
just found out that you lose your sense of smell when you sleep.  Interesting.
does NOT like this *PROPNAME* chick!  At all!
can't get the freaking pictures on Facebook to work!  I hate that app! >:(
just filled out a survey to get monthly email coupons for ProPlan at Complete Petmart!  Awesome!  ^^
thinks maybe that trying to upload a 9.8 meg photo to crappy facebook isn't such a good idea...
s mom just said, "*PROPNAME*'s right!"  LOL!
*PROPNAME*'s tantrum has finally come to a close.  Phew!  (Read my note for more details ;) )
thinks that people should learn more about a foreign country's customs and be more polite in said foreign country!
s back does not like to tan (or sunburn) evenly!  My back is splotchy again, and this time I didn't even use sunscreen!  >:(
had only 5 hours of sleep last night and somehow feels fine, but will have 7-8 hours of sleep on schooldays and cannot seem to wake up in the morning.  What the crap is that??
really thinks there's NO WAY she'll finish that collage by tomorrow.  Seriously.
finds it funny how absolutely Kung Fu Panda dominated the *PROPNAME* last year.  Even WALL-E didn't stand a chance!  (Oh, yeah, that's what *PROPNAME* was named after. ;)
finally found her tea diffuser!  It's tea time, biyotch!  ...Hmm, am I allowed to say that?  Guess I'll find out when I'm grounded for a week...  ;)
s Venus' fly trap caught its first bug: a little gnat.  Aww, they grow up so fast...
LOVED the new Family Guy the other night.  Watching the Disney scene was a lot of fun.  On that note, it's all animated in Korea.  What is up with that?  Can't we animate our own shows in our own country?!
has a new cell number: (229) 251-4618.  Save it now.  SAVE IT!
had a half day today!  Yay!
New Bones yesterday, new Soup and Dog Whisperer tonight, and new Simpsons and Family Guy Sunday!  And I've brought my science grade up from an 84 to a 91!  WOOOO!
Really needs to plan out the next two days carefully... Hmm...  ¬_¬
s mom is playing Scrabble.  Mom: "What the heck does 'rehem' mean?  Oh, wait; that was my word."  I think she needs to go lay down like *PROPNAME* for a little while.
is alive.  You should try it sometime; it's a lot of fun.
jumping on the lyrics-for-status bandwagon: Don't let apathy police the populace, we will march across those stereotypes that were marked for us. The answer's obvious; we switch the consonants and change the "sword" to "words" and lift continents.  9//11 <3
watched the President's speech yesterday.  Wow, I'm SOOO indoctrinated!  [//sarcasm]  Stupid radical jerks...
tiny fingers...can't type...pinky hurts...too many octaves...Why? Why, genetics, why?
thinks people should either do something or shut up and deal!  We were the (pretty much) first country to have a peaceful transfer of power between political parties.  Let's go back to those times, shall we?  If you're not gonna do anything about what you don't like, then please, shut up and leave everyone else alone. kthxbi.
s weird cat came inside not for a bowl of food, but for a bowl of water.  I poured some water over near where he was outside and he came trotting over straight into my arms!  XD
WHAT?  WHY DID NO ONE TELL ME THAT ZOMBIELAND WAS FILMED AT WILD ADVENTURES?!  So those guys trying to recruit LHS students for a "big movie making fun of zombie movies filmed near WA and in the woods" were actually legit!  OMG I have to go see it! Also, all you people in Valdosta fail for not telling me about it! ;)
can't believe how many restaurants and stores didn't have their flags at half-staff today!  How can you possibly forget what today is, especially if the building right next to you has theirs at half-staff?  9//11 <3
New cell number: (555) 555-5555
helps the police, because nice police are nice to me! XD
Serving God is doing good to man, but praying is thought an easier service and is therefore more generally chosen.
just posted her Amazon Christmas list on here.  Be sure to read the notes at the top!!
"The role of Bruce Wayne//Batman was originally offered to *PROPNAME*, but he turned it down." WHAT??!
would like to remind everybody that we live in a multicultural society composed of more than just Christians, that this country was NOT built off of Christianity (in fact, many of our Founding Fathers were Deists, not Christians) and the only ones keeping Christ out of Christmas are the people who insist on filing lawsuits for not saying "Christmas" instead of spending their time caring for others!  Happy Holidays!
just got back from camping.  I feel so disgusting...
thinks that maybe if more real guys were more like *PROPNAME* from Dragon Age, she might be more willing to date.  Yes, I seriously just said that.
*PROPNAME*. ;)
thinks *PROPNAME* deserves yet another apology from Warner Brothers.  For multiple reasons.  How do you leave out the big, climactic battle scene of a book?  How does that happen?  And then you turn around and add in an entire scene that not only didn't happen, but also makes no sense whatsoever.
is watching the Dog Whisperer where an aggressive Chihuahua rules all the pit bulls at a pit bull rescue!
freakin. Loves. Photoshop.  Now if only I could find some classes...
doesn't know what to do for some people for Christmas!  D:
is frustrated...
got her game fixed!  Almost done, now...just a few more rooms, then off to the evil dragon!  I have a feeling something bad's gonna happen.  Just a hunch...
just watched a documentary on 9//11 conspiracy theorists.  Those have got to be the most low-down, small-minded, egotistical, self-centered, uncaring, ignorant, heartless monsters I have ever seen.
Ugh, nevermind.  Got stuck and had to backtrack.  Might as well do all the side quests while I'm at it.  Maybe I'll finish by freaking Friday...
feels pretty confident about the Chemistry test tomorrow.
Wow, DA is tossing out achievements like crazy.  Good ones, too.  Also, I cannot type today to save my life.  I can't tell you how many times I had to hit the backspace while typing this. X-l
"The world may end in 2012 but this show won't." XD LOL!
Hmm, that wasn't too bad. Had me worried for a minute.  I've certainly seen worse endings. Like freakin' Fallen! Seriously, what the crap was that?! Anyways, not bad. ^^
Huh. I stand corrected.
Why? Why does BioWare have to be so mean to me? I KNOW Mass Effect 2 is out! Leave me alone! DX
is home lovin' on my kids....oh, and my hubby too ;)
has 99 friends, so why is it that I feel the need for one more?
thinks there is a conspiracy among the soup companies to trick you into thinking that the personal size containers are simply a single serving size when they actually contain TWO servings
Well, the fork-lift job is a no go.  Apparently, he wasn't fast enough - considering he's never driven a fork-lift before - and they don't have time to train him...on to plan B, I suppose
yay...100 friends!
24 hours without the kids -- I miss my babies!
Did anyone see *PROPNAME* & *PROPNAME* this week on Dancing with the Stars?  Whew...now, that's what I call dirty dancing!
Don's taking a fork-lift test tomorrow to see if he qualifies to bump back in - keep those fingers crossed!
is half way through her weekend conference ;)
*PROPNAME* fell off the couch last night and fractured the bone just above her right elbow so we spent most of the night in the ER and most of this afternoon at the orthopedics office before bringing her home in a pretty purple cast for Christmas
Merry Christmas, All!  Any Santa sightings?
necesito TODOS los negativos POSIBLES de fotos... si tienen plzzzz démenlos!!
I'm a victim of my own insides. There was a time when I wanted to know everything...It used to make me very unhappy, all that feeling. I just didn't know what to do with it. But now I've learned to make that feeling work for me. I'm full of emotion and I 
MATO a *PROPNAME*!
ENTRÉ!!!!!!!!!! :)....
foto editing day
feria del queso en Turrialba...arooo
may you be in heaven half an hour before the devil knows your dead...
may you be in heaven half an hour before the devil know your dead...
pintando ojos...
"Hippy is an establishment label for a profound, invisible, underground, evolutionary process. For every visible hippy, barefoot, beflowered, beaded, there are a thousand invisible members of the turned-on underground. Persons whose lives are tuned in to 
amando el clima! happenstance
and so it goes...
We are drowning in information but starved for knowledge. -*PROPNAME*
dem gracias a todos los que vinieron, me ayudaron dem!!!! *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME* y *PROPNAME* gratcie por tocar  y poner todO! son exitosos...
15 minutes of fame: 18 de *PROPNAME*
By allowing all of life's colors to penetrate us, we become more integrated...
“Feelings are not supposed to be logical. Dangerous is the man who has rationalized his emotions.” *PROPNAME*
lunes día de trabajo....
i am a chinese hippie
“It is only too true that a lot of artists are mentally ill- it's a life which, to put it mildly, makes one an outsider. I'm all right when I completely immerse myself in work, but I'll always remain half crazy.” *PROPNAME*
“Follow your heart, but be quiet for a while first. Ask questions, then feel the answer. Learn to trust your heart.”
http:////www.youtube.com//watch?v=K3LF-cTzkWU
playitaaaa...!!! video week
…The photograph should be more interesting or more beautiful than what was photographed...  ---*PROPNAME*.
thinks that no one should be afraid to go to the doctor because they can't afford it, no one should go broke because they get sick, and no one should die because they could not afford care. If you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day.
“It is not because the truth is too difficult to see that we make mistakes... we make mistakes because the easiest and most comfortable course for us is to seek insight where it accords with our emotions - especially selfish ones.” *PROPNAME*
Distance tests a horse's strength. Time reveals a person's character....
"Would you like me to give you a formula for success? It’s quite simple, really. Double your rate of failure. You are thinking of failure as the enemy of success. But it isn’t at all. You can be discouraged by failure or you can learn from it, So go ahead and make mistakes. Make all you can. Because remember that’s where you will find success." – *PROPNAME*
tengo dem problemas...
“Thoughts are the shadows of our feelings - always darker, emptier and simpler.” -Nietzsche
whom that i know and have not seen in agesss lives in NY city???? flying in this coming saturday and shall be staying for a week!! :)
You can't always get what you want. But if you try, sometimes you'll find what you need. -Rolling Stones
“Be the change you want to see in the world.”
The creative is the place where no one else has ever been. You have to leave the city of your comfort and go into the wilderness of your intuition. What you'll discover will be wonderful. What you'll discover is yourself.     -*PROPNAME*
MOMA al fin... union square and such...shoe shopping...
....Soy un aprensivo, me sigue la enfermedad, soy un tío vivo, soy un tipo de verdad. Soy caro cuando hay vicio, soy igual desde el principio y hasta el final es lo que tengo, es lo que hay, tengo una paja mental, que ya no sé de qué va....
NY is the BEST!
MIL gratci a TODOS por las congratulations :)
To be nobody but yourself in a world which is doing its best, night and day, to make you everybody else means to fight the hardest battle which any human being can fight; and never stop fighting. ~e.e. cummings
o be nobody but yourself in a world which is doing its best, night and day, to make you everybody else means to fight the hardest battle which any human being can fight; and never stop fighting.   ~e.e. cummings
Yuppie (short for "young urban professional" or "young upwardly-mobile professional") [1] is a 1980s and early 1990s term for financially secure, upper-middle class young people in their 20s and early 30s.  [2]. Although its first usage was as a media catchphrase, it eventually became somewhat derogatory in nature.
QUIERO Nicaragua y el ghetto otra vezz!!!! sonambulear por San Juan del Sur...
“A veces uno es manantial entre rocas y otras veces un árbol con las últimas hojas. Pero hoy me siento apenas como laguna insomne con un embarcadero ya sin embarcaciones una laguna verde inmóvil y paciente conforme con sus algas sus musgos y sus peces, sereno en mi confianza confiando en que una tarde te acerques y te mires, te mires al mirarme….”
"Self-observation brings man to the realization of the necessity of self-change. And in observing himself a man notices that self-observation itself brings about certain changes in his inner processes. He begins to understand that self-observation is an instrument of self-change, a means of awakening.” ---alguien
domingo de descanso total
No soporto al artista cuya principal motivación sea la provocación. Creo que los grandes provocadores lo son sin proponérselo...         -Pedro Almodovar
TALLER TRIPARTITO PRENDAS NUEVAS A LA VENTA.... vestidos, camisas y pantalones! ABIERTO DE 11am - 8pm LUNES - SABADO!
“I do not fear failure. I only fear the "slowing up" of the engine inside of me which is pounding, saying, "Keep going, someone must be on top, why not you?" ---*PROPNAME*
“Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyze you, they're supposed to help you discover who you are.”
KAP BAMBINO YAYYYYYYY!
HOY ArTCitY TOUR pasa por CasaTripartito, nuevas prendas Tripartito+performance por la PieldeNaranjayLaQuince + EXPO CARLOS DE PAZ celebrando 15 años de unión con *PROPNAME* Galería.... Cierre en el Bar Steinvorth!
en montevideo donde rodri que es un amor.... a ver a dani y ern.... con los umpis :)
montevideo es lo MAS!
stress-free... finally
FELIZ AÑÑOOOO TODOSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@ BUENOS AIRES: ARGENTINA :)
últimos días en buenos aires..... jardínes, warhol, cuero, y más carne!
“When we are debating an issue, loyalty means giving me your honest opinion, whether you think I'll like it or not. Disagreement, at this stage, stimulates me. But once a decision has been made, the debate ends. From that point on, loyalty means executing the decision as if it were your own.”
feliz navidad a todossss.... @ aeropuerto Lima
Disobedience, in the eyes of anyone who has read history, is man's original virtue. It is through disobedience that progress has been made, through disobedience and through rebellion. --oscar wilde
14 de marzo: GAURA MANTRA FEST: JACOB KARPIO GALERIA
...Los amorosos andan como locos  porque están solos, solos, solos,  entregándose, dándose a cada rato,  llorando porque no salvan al amor.... -*PROPNAME* (se me había olvidado la poesía, gracias jess)
whitney museum.... media biblioteca... mañana MOMA, Union Square...
---I wanted a perfect ending. Now I've learned, the hard way, that some poems don't rhyme, and some stories don't have a clear beginning, middle, and end. Life is about not knowing, having to change, taking the moment and making the best of it, without kn
jazz is so pleasant :).... bliss
“Men are like a fine wine. They all start out like grapes, and it's our job to stomp on them and keep them in the dark until they mature into something you'd like to have dinner with.”  *PROPNAME* quotes
Press on- nothing can take the place of persistence. Talent will not; nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent. Genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. Education will not; the world is full of educated derelicts. Perseverance and determination alone are omnipotent. *PROPNAME*
Colors, like features, follow the changes of the emotions.
Insanity in individuals is something rare - but in groups, parties, nations and epochs, it is the rule.
....Que no te falte capacidad, para discernir el mas aca, del confuso mas alla, que es realidad aparte.....  --(bunbury)
I, not events, have the power to make me happy or unhappy today. I can choose which it shall be. Yesterday is dead, tomorrow hasn't arrived yet. I have just one day, today, and I'm going to be happy in it. -----Grouch Marx
Morality, like art, means drawing a line someplace. ---Oscar Wilde
Everything is fine until it isn’t. And then you deal with it.
“If one dream should fall and break into a thousand pieces, never be afraid to pick one of those pieces up and begin again.” --*PROPNAME*,
insomnia... :-
is baking a cherry pie from scratch :-)
found Scorpius!
is still recovering from shock after seeing my 7th grade science teacher at a certain bar
enjoys reading *PROPNAME*'s facebook status updates.
just learned from Wikipedia what Gropecunt Lane is, and is somewhat abashed.
is excited for being able to spot the Summer Triangle. Not to be confused with the Bermuda Triangle.
is excited about making a chocolate mousse torte. :)
is now addicted to Mafia Wars. Thanks *PROPNAME*!
Strawberries make everything better :)
Mono is no fun :(
is looking forward to *PROPNAME* tonight.
is quickly learning that when making a French dish to be prepared to pour whole bottles of wine into the sauce lol
I <3 House of Pies! :D
Happy National Coming Out Day!
This Coq au Vin recipe calls for 2 full bottles of wine to go into the sauce. Gotta love the French! :)
http:////www.youtube.com//watch?v=RTPpbHueNJ4
I made my first bouquet garni today :).
Undecided about seeing "The Fourth Kind" after reading a ton of horrible reviews on it...
is such a Gleek.
Mag-usap tayo sa Tagalog!
I <3 *PROPNAME*!
saw a homeless guy on the side of the road holding up a sign that said "Why Lie, Need Beer". Picture to be uploaded soon!
It's snowing in Houston!
Very disappointed that the NY legislature voted against legalizing gay marriage.
Ice skating in Houston = Melted ice and rain...still fun however :)
Excited about seeing the Nutcracker tomorrow :)
It is so heartbreaking watching a loved one deal with the progression of Parkinson's disease :(
I've got yellow fever! :p
It's projected to snow 3-5 inches tomorrow in Houston! :)
A good friend passed away suddenly this morning. Keeping her in my thoughts.
Houston, the fourth largest city in the U.S., has elected its first openly gay mayor *PROPNAME* :)
Why does Facebook think I speak Dutch?
"It is no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society." -*PROPNAME*
is enjoying talking to random people on omegle.com
enjoyed looking at $110,000 pianos with *PROPNAME* yesterday :)
I hope everyone had a wonderful Thanksgiving!
Saw avatar in 3D, it was awesome! Go see it everyone :)
Nothing quite like going to the park and seeing a vulture munch on a gutted squirrel, turn to look at you, and precede to empty its bowels with a loud *squirt*
About to make a triple layer chocolate mousse torte for tomorrow :)
"The whole purpose of religion is to facilitate love and compassion, patience, tolerance, humility, forgiveness." --H.H. the Dalai Lama
Note to self: NEVER try to make candy canes or any other hard sugar candy without at least 2 other people around to immediate shape the candy and clean it off the dishes before it hardens. Otherwise, it will be stuck on everything and take repeated re-heating and scraping to get it off :(
Merry Christmas everyone :)
Mexico City legalized gay marriage and adoptions! =)
"On the sixth day, God created man. On the seventh day, man returned the favor."
Happy New Year!
Home alone on TV :)
"Love and compassion are necessities, not luxuries. Without them humanity cannot survive" - Dalai Lama
If I can stop one heart from breaking, I shall not live in vain; If I can ease one life the aching, Or cool one pain, Or help one fainting robin, Unto his nest again, I shall not live in vain. - *PROPNAME*
Cheesecake turned out amazing! Almost as fun to eat as it was to make :)
Keeping the people of Haiti in my thoughts
Memento is a trippy movie!
Looking forward to going up in a hot air balloon above Discovery Green :-)
Starbuck's Caramel Apple Spice = <3
watched the movie 'Saved' this weekend and loved it!
"If you wish to make an apple pie truly from scratch, you must first invent the universe." - *PROPNAME*
Sometimes I think the surest sign that intelligent life exists elsewhere in the universe is that none of it has tried to contact us. -- *PROPNAME*
*PROPNAME*'s cheesecake shake makes me happy :-)
"Nature and nature's laws lay hid in the night. God said, Let *PROPNAME* be! and all was light!" - *PROPNAME*
Had a great birthday dinner at Carraba's with family :-)
My new favorite word is Weltanschauung :-)
is not surprised the states most utilizing their natural energy endowments are facing the smallest budget gaps for the upcoming fiscal year. California: your move
wonders, what's the use of having a bulwark against cloture if you can't exercise party discipline anyway.
is reading his packet for law school orientation. This is all very exciting and petrifying at the same time.
sends his blessings to those who keep the embers of freedom alight. Happy Independence Day!
awoke to an email stating: "Starting in 2010, the US Department of Education will be requiring significant changes in the way educational institutions collect and report race//ethnicity data. Accordingly, on July 19, 2009, LSAC changed the race//ethnicity d
always looks on the bright side of life: our Supreme Court will now be two-thirds Catholic.
is highly amused. The comparisons between *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*, as well as claims of her narcissism, are a classic case of psychological projection. (*PROPNAME*, really? Just how frightened are they of this woman?) The MSM are actually referring to no
rarely ever gets sick. Hopefully this will pass quickly.
was happy to learn it wasn't a furlough but a scheduling mistake that created the lapse. Back to work tomorrow.
is attending the Royal Fireworks Festival & Concert tonight at Riverfront Park.
is feelin' much better (and stronger everyday)
is now on (the) twitter. This had better be worth it.
is reminded of the underpants gnomes when listening to the HHS Secretary ignore clear evidence that socialized medicine won't lower health care costs.
came home to a box of Panda licorice, a favorite. I feel loved.
"I may be limping, but I'm coming home"
is wishing his Kitty a happy (and momentous) two-month anniversary.
""All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing." - *PROPNAME*
wonders, with all this righteous indignation over a terrorist assassination program and change in tactics from pursuing the Taliban to protecting the population, when did this stop being a war?
is on the road again and deeply saddened to be separated from the Kitty for the rest of the week.
has on his soothsayer cap: [One day, parents who send their children to "super-gold-plated-Cadillac" private schools will pay additional taxes to cover the educational expenses of lower income families]
is doing a little catch-up work but excited to start school tomorrow.
R.I.P. *PROPNAME*
is steadily developing an iron butt. And no, he hasn't been to the gym lately.
will concede health care is a moral issue when the same proponents acknowledge abortion is immoral.
is pleased the American people will now have the time to read the government-run health care bill or have it interpreted for them. Apparently, this is a luxury our representatives (and President) couldn't find the time in their busy schedules to accomplis
is one lucky guy. First class, first day as a 1L and I'm the first to be called on to state the case. Thankfully, I did alright.
is thinking, what's not to love about a city that hosts a festival called, "Pig Out in the Park"
is looking forward to a steak dinner tonight in celebration of four years together as a couple.
always says, whatever doesn't kill you makes you luckier.
is thankful; only Justice Scalia's wit could make CIv Pro bearable reading at this hour.
is pondering the contradictions in his fidelity to a jealous mistress.
reminds those engaging in civil discourse; when you have to resort to accusations of racism, you're probably losing the debate.
wonders which is more inappropriate; heckling during a Presidential address to Congress or the President himself calling a private citizen a "jackass".
It's beginning to look a lot like Washington around here.
has settled on a parish. Happy days.
is in Santa Clara to see the family. Still missing the Kitty.
was greatly disappointeed with the disgustingly partisan scriptwriting on Law and Order last night.
Mr Hart's 1L advice: when preparing for the socratic method, remember to think in questions.
remembers the good old days when we could pay for everything under the sun by "bringing the troops home". It amazes me how inconsistent we can be when the Birkenstock is on the other foot.
*PROPNAME* was bad enough, but at least he distorted data and concocted fear-mongering chartsngrafs to support his cockamamie theory. The Norwegian Nobel Committee just lost its credibility--forever.
wonders if serfs living under a nationalized health care scheme lead healthier lifestyles mostly for fear of becoming sick//injured and having to throw themselves at the mercy of its poor services.
doesn't think passing a bill on *PROPNAME*'s casket would legitimize killing health care for the rest of us.
is thinking of a movie title; Dr. Strangehair or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Cue Ball Look
is making a four-minute oral argument tomorrow. Should be interesting.
thinks people in straw houses shouldn't blow hot air...or propose a homeowner's insurance public option for that matter.
reckons it's looking a lot like Washington in California right now.
wasn't disuaded post-media blitz. Still thinks taxes are an appropriation of wealth, mandates are backed implicitly with a gun and "freedom from want" is a condition better reserved for animals and small children.
thinks he did alright. Not necessarily kicking asterisks and taking case names, but certainly alright.
You know that feeling you get when you're running a marathon and the endorphins finally kick in...
We have growth, but at the price of future jobs--all the while paying five times as much for the same car we would've bought later. What else can be done to keep up this facade of recovery? We're already printing more money than ever before. We can't raise taxes without calling it a fee, because dear leader wants to be re-elected. Can we still hit the brakes before this public-private hybrid goes into a ditch?
It's crunch time. See y'all in a month or so.
First law school midterm this monday. This one's for a third of the clams.
Happy Thanksgiving
"Life is white, and I am black. Jesus and his lawyer are coming back."
is celebrating six months months together with my beautiful bride.
Legal research reminds me of combing the ocean floor for treasures. Every once in a while I return to the same spot with the knowledge that what I thought was a rock might have actually been an oyster with a pearl inside.
Finals begin next monday. Overhead this today in Torts: "Dude, you're fine. It's not crunch time yet."
second season of the Paper Chase is being released this December. Sweeeet.
Finals.
just began his first involuntary, five-day furlough. So sad.
Well, that was just about the longest 4 months and shortest 3 hours of my entire life. Same time next year, I hope.
is convinced, with everyone and their mother talking about the possibility of raising taxes on the middle class, it's not going to happen. Do you really think one of the most shrewd politicians since *PROPNAME* would all but certify the loss of his re-
is no Keynesian, but I think if there's one thing "cash for clunkers" demonstrates, it's that $787 billion (minus the $237 billion in tax cuts) would've been more stimulative coming from the pockets of American consumers than vested bureaucrats in Washing
is in SF to attend a two-day prep course for school. Still separated from my bride and hating every minute of it.
An Obama consultant yesterday on taxing high-value, middle class health care plans: "We're not talking about a new tax on these people. We're saying they currently get an enormous tax break and we're going to slightly scale that back . . ." This will likely be the talking point for any new, middle-class taxes to come.
is going to law school. see y'all in three years.
heard the pres was on the TV tonight
gets to see Philip Glass as a birthday present for the second year in a row. hmm Wot's that phrase the kids use...FTW!
I thought the Kindle was a stupid idea, but the iPad...wow, this is the future of personal computing, a segue into Minority Report-like "surface computing". Way to stay ahead of the curve, Apple.
along with wife *PROPNAME*, have decided to celebrate filing their first, joint tax return in that good-old-fashioned American way, by purchasing a new TV.
How nice of the NFL to ask my favorite band to play at the Superbowl for my birthday.
loves USPS. When you underpay for online postage, they charge you at the counter. When you overpay, they pocket the difference and say "thank you". Isn't that just the Federal government in a nutshell?
is strongly considering JAG after law school. Might attend OCS over the summer.
Thanks for the birthday wishes. You guys are awesome.
*PROPNAME* is hilarious.
is 76% of the way to my goal of running three miles in eighteen minutes. Good first attempt.
wonders why no one ever followed up on *PROPNAME*'s pledge to eat the CRA.
"Holy Haruhi, season 2's out?!"
A recent online exchange: Other guy: "I have to imagine it's wholly possible that someone could understand humans so well, yet be completely unable to read, write, or do math.  In today's society, people like that would be shunned.  Veritas If you can't r
has been accepted into grad school.  Finally.
"The King of Pop is dead, long live the, uh..."
3-hour exam tomorrow, then a day and a half (less if I drop into New York Wednesday) to pack EVERYTHING before driving out Thursday to reach Iowa on Friday.  Someone tell me I'm not insane, please.
passed his F//M exam.  Huzzah!
is in Ottawa.  Illinois, not Canada.
Did the President just make a reference to the Matrix?!
is watching the Little League World Series.
has found the U of Iowa anime club.  There goes my GPA.
"40 years ago, Armstrong said 'One Small Step for Man'.  When can one of us go back there and shout, 'Honey, I'm home!' or something?"
is going to go on a 1000 mile trip to Iowa City tomorrow and Friday.  This is going to be a long drive.
has just finished his first night at reffing.  Much to improve on.
lit his fried chicken on fire and now has more stuff to clean.  Great.
J-E-T-S JETS JETS JETS!
wishes he had an actual bed (or even a mattress).  It'd make dealing with these suspiciously-flu-like symptoms easier.
Recidivism (n.) - 1. Committing new offenses after being punished for a crime.  2.  Chronic repetition of criminal or other antisocial behavior. Replace "criminal" with "stupid", and I think I've found my problem.
Let's go Rangers!
will have a miracle if he gets an 80 on today's midterm.
is putting the touches on his Halloween costume.
probably failed another midterm.
hopes the geo-pol forum-based game doesn't get him perma-banned from Japan.
s wireless internet keeps spazzing out every five minutes.  It's really annoying.  Actually, it's more than annoying, but I haven't gotten angry enough to start using foul language.
has learned nothing from 20 years of school.
You weren't kidding, *PROPNAME*.
"And we keep driving into the night.  It's a late goodbye, such a late goodbye.  And we keep driving into the night.  It's a late goodbye-ai-ai-yai." Staying overnight somewhere east of Toledo.  Wonder how bad I-80 will be tomorrow.
has finished watching "Up".
has no more finals.  But it keeps going uphill.
has arrived at Iowa and is settling into his new apartment.
Whoa, OK, that was more emo than I had intended.  Sorry to get you guys worried.  Full details upcoming.
is trying to change.  Long overdue, I suppose.
Curse you, UCJAS!!  Now I'm hooked on *PROPNAME*!!  *shakes fist*
Woo-hoo!  On to Indy!  Anyone care to place an over//under on how long it'll take for some sportswriter to mention Namath or Super Bowl III?
Last night pretty much sums up my entire UChicago experience.  I don't regret going.  I regret screwing up the decisions made while there.
Let's go, Jets!  C'mon!
is in Chicago for Uchi-con.  And somehow got stuck watching a game room AGAIN.
is back from Chicago.
J-E-T-S! JETS! JETS! JETS!
My hat is off for the Colts.
Best newly discovered unhealthy snack disguised as a healthy one: yogurt-covered raisins  :D
Going through everyone's status messages from last night... yeah, so maybe I didn't do anything sexy or fun but I was at an event so >:P
Wow, even in 1963, *PROPNAME* was ranting about the "half-wit morons up in Sacramento" (just watch It's a Mad Mad Mad Mad World)
Just to be clear: Life is just a bowl of RAINIER cherries.  :D
Amadeus is quite possibly the most perfectly made movie *ever*...  director's cut bits add even more to the perfection.
Ears are being blown out by two trombone players... sure, they're classically trained and playing Holst's "Mars, the Bringer of War", but it HURTS.  :P
32 days til the State Fair!  You better believe I have a count down going!!
Any one have any clue as to what the new novelty fried fair food is going to be this year???  What was at the OC county fair?  I'm plotting my plan of attack at the State Fair...  ;)
Devising ways to oust the old tenant out of *my* new place.  Not too happy that he's choosing to take another week to move out.  >:P
This hair-brainedness needs to cease... NOW.  :P
MMmmmmmm Trader Joes tart frozen yogurt... makes a mouth VERY happeh!!  :D
Going to have to severely restrain my impulse to gallop around the State Fair, squealing at the top of my lungs with glee.  :D
Already sleepy time again...  I blame lunch from Bread Store.
Missed the forest and smacked into a couple of the trees while I was at it too.  :P
Nothing personal against you all as a species, ants, but mi casa es just not su casa.
How did a non-coffee drinker like me end up hooked on cappuccinos?
Okay Bears... Channel that anger and use it to cream the competition next week.
Allergy season for *PROPNAME* is commencing...  *hack*hack*hack*   :P   I'm not contagious, promise!
Pipe dream for the day: Being a Wagnerian soprano.  I can shriek but not in tune.  :P
Sorry, People magazine... your "sexy" guys can't hold a candle to the men of the 40s, 50s and 60s... *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*...
Stupid PC... seriously asking to get chucked out the window.  But in the spirit of the season, it shall be spared.
First there was TIGER; then TIGGER; and now LUST.  The alphabet soup of federal bureaucrats never ceases to amuse me.  And how ironic LUST stands for so-not-sexy "Leaking Underground Storage Tanks".
I'm not quite sure how I feel about having my singing voice compared to *PROPNAME* (especially when the boyfriend makes the comparison).
Does it count as a new years resolutiion to resolve to watch every episode of a TV series?
Cold weather, lack of sunshine and fog all breed pestilence... Everything seems to be taking a quick swing at me too -- never taking up residence (knock on wood), but slowly trying to knock me out with a few quick jabs and sucker punches.
ive come to the conclusion that some people are really just not worth it - grow up n learn to forgive xxx
bubbles n apple 2gether again woop :D
2 sleepovers in 2 days - both amazin but am now shattered :P good times :D
oh cómo me gusta cantar y hablar español
Well done!! everyones done soo well so far n talk about energy :D - just 1 show left
media is kl :D
im in college yet im onb facebook - oh medias great :D
is fed up with messin with the relationship status n is goin to upload pics :D
wow y do i always seem to have massive convos over the most simplest of things lol
soy feliz :D
today was gd fun - was kl seein ppl :D
that took 4ever!
is very happy - for myself n for charlotte woop :D  p.s. cheers for the car lol :P
ppl please stop sendin messages - ur ovloadin facebook :P ahhh its gay
Not really sure y everyone was so dissapointed by the HP film - i thought it was rather gd :D
yayness - i am happy :) :)
was pretty awesome 2night guys :) - cheers n yay for cars :P
eatin out of date chicken n out of date cucumber  :S  oh dear
had fun last night - was a gd party n other stuff etc etc :P
weeekend :)
really hopin this campin thing isnt goin to be as bad as im imaginin - no msn, n minimal hygiene *hides* bye ppl see u in 3 days!
is gettin rather annoyed at her innability to concentrate n get this one piece of business work finnished grrr - is resisting goin on msn though
grrrr bloody personal statement - have spent about 4 hours on it now n still have to get rid of 3 lines - its takin just as long to delete parts as it did to write the whole thing :( :(
mi novio aprende español - que bonito impresionante :)
feels like sleepin all the way to monday
My party was brilliant so thanku everyne who came :) - thanx also too everyone who gave me a gift or card they are all amazing and very lovely, so cheers :) xxx
Yay for tomorrow :P
Smile :)
BYE PPL! spt has again been amaze n cant wait till next year! Especially bye to *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, n *PROPNAME* - though im sure ill see u all again at some point! Have a great holiday!!! xxxx
n now its all over :( - cant get seasons of love out my head though lol  was a pretty gd night tbh :)
wats better than a cookie?... a GIANT cookie loool mmm yum :)
muy infeliz
Feliz navidad!! xxx
Thanku sooooo much everyone for my birthday comments - im very happy :) xxxx
Ohhh theres so many gd things to look forward tooo - cant wait!   :D
abburido...
facebook is all changed - i swear it wasnt that long ago i came on here!
Wooo - i am so very happy :D
plan to give away money!!!!
its that time of the year again!!!!!
stunned!!!!!!!
isssllliiipp ho gaya ji!!!!
where is the light that i seek?
to do or not to do...............
invisible
needs a vacation!!!!!!!!!!!!
fullllll tooo  bindassssssssssssssssssssssssssssss!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
just does it!!!
why do ppl bitch all the time!!!!!!!
is so excited to start a summer book club!!
can't wait for Transformers in IMAX tonight!! ?
is pole dancing on Saturday morning...LoL :)
reviewin stuff, like I do ?
is going to need a lot more upper body strength if I ever want to be a pole dancer
is so excited for fireworks! I love watching fireworks!!
going out to dinner :)
actually excited to go workout!
cannot WAIT to pet a dolphin. Are they as slimy as they look??
got super tan this weekend...I went from caramel to mocha...
is in a tropical mood...I need a fruity umbrella drink
is relaxing in the BAHAMAS :) ?
organizing things and getting excited about the Bahamas! ?
gettin stuff done! :-)
doing nerdy stuff in my room...reading Gentry magazine, organizing//cleaning things...TGISaturday ?
can't wait for the True Blood premiere ? I'm so into vampires right now
has Bahamas on my mind...11 days!
getting organized for the week!
is craving a bleu cheese burger and sweet potato fries
LOVED Transformers! So cool!!
thought District 9 was way cool!! Funny People sucked...
finally saw Star Trek. AWESOME. Space is so crazy
got my burger, fries AND a birthday cake milkshake. So happy :)
Traffic makes me SO angry...but I don't know who to be angry at! Grrrr so frustrating!!
has a test tomorrow!
one of my students has a pink graphing calculator, and I am a little jealous...6 years ago they did not come in pink :(
petted some dolphins today!!
studying...
snorkling is my workout for this week!
drinkin a V8...the taste is growing on me, I no longer feel like I'm drinking soup
is stressed OUT.
had the craziest vivid dream that I was pregnant. So weird!! Dream interpretation says this is a good symbol...
umm...wtf is wrong with *PROPNAME*?? I ? *PROPNAME*
woke up at 2:30pm today...guess I needed some sleep :)
had the BEST DAY EVER!!! :) I'm so happy ?
decided I'm going to start reading the Sookie Stackhouse books. I NEED a new vampire story to distract me from the craziness of my real life
Looking for someone who knows Latin, lives in the Palo Alto area, and wants to teach a small Latin II class (2 hours in the a.m., 3 times a week) for $27// hour.
cardio//weights workout followed by yoga class. Feeling motivated today! Getting stuff DONE!
hello fall weather!! I love this...I'm so happy!
super excited for: ? dinner tonight w// *PROPNAME*? manicure today ? pole dance workout class tomorrow ? Halloween!!
I LOVE the Build-A-Bear Workshop! I know it's technically for little kids...but I had so much fun trying outfits on my bunny!!
just booked a flight to LA this weekend, and paid a whopping $13.20 roundtrip, thanks to an eVoucher from my mom. Thanks Mom!! :-)
Last night I dreamt that I was a real housewife of ATL, and NeNe was trying to start some drama with me! I was ready to fight her! Then I woke up...
probably the busiest I have ever been in my life
excited For the Love of *PROPNAME*...now I have a new trashy reality show to enjoy on Monday nights! Why do I find these shows so entertaining??
3rd grade classroom on day b4 Halloween = craziness.
studying in the morning, teaching after noon, then class till 10pm...I feel like my day is backwards
Happy Halloween everyone :-)
I like *PROPNAME*'s designs a lot, but she's such a b*tch I kinda of don't want her to win Project Runway! I vote for Althea...she's adorable
“You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.” *PROPNAME*
spending the next few hours reading about Language Arts framework, consonant digraphs and vowel diphthongs...yay...PSYCH!! :(
a little irked that *PROPNAME* won, but her collection really was gorgeous
is thankful for everyone and everything. My life is beautiful and I am such a lucky girl. ? & ?...Happy Thanksgiving! Love you all!
at Poletential , starting the weekend off right with a dance workout!
is addicted to *PROPNAME* biographies...don't ask me about her unless you have like 30 minutes to listen to me rave about how much I love her...I am so obsessed with her life story! Such an interesting person!
was disappointed that *PROPNAME* was not in the Victoria's Secret fashion show...girl is my favorite :(
language arts center @ Oak Knoll, lunch with Mom, GYM time, then I'm watching all the shows I DVRd this week. Yay Friday :-)
just started reading "Blonde" by *PROPNAME* (a fictional biography of *PROPNAME*). It's one of those books that all day you are just dying for the opportunity to read a little more...oh how I love books
can officially play The Eagles, Please Come Home for Christmas, without feeling off-season. I love that song! Happy holidays everyone :-)
I ? Sunday
so excited for new Cleveland Show, Family Guy and American Dad tonight!
Brand-new whiteboard markers make me happy...so inky!
I like my horoscope today: "It's the time to play. Why play halfway? Go ahead. Have the fun you're after. All of it."
so excited for pole class tonight! Making a pole playlist, just for fun. Newest addition: Criminal - *PROPNAME*
I can't wait until my custom-designed Flip Mino camcorder with the pink butterflies on it gets here!! Friends, prepare to be filmed...I'll be going crazy with this thing
Avatar is my new favorite movie of all time!! So awesome! ? Neytiri...seriously the prettiest alien ever
finished Still Life With Woodpecker. Weird book!!
I ? to Christmas shop! I just wrapped all my presents and put them under the tree...can't wait for my family to open them!
Merry Christmas Eve! Being a good girl today, going to the gym and then church! ?
@ dance class ?
can't wait to see The Princess and the Frog tonight with *PROPNAME*!!
"*PROPNAME*" and "*PROPNAME*" are my two middle names. Everyone calm down now...
can't wait for class tomorrow. I ? the 1st day of school :)
had cake & ice cream for breakfast
M.I.A. until I finish my projects, tests and CSET this Saturday! Work work work...
Thanks friends, I had a really special birthday :)
misses the beach already...
loved The Princess and the Frog...I almost cried! Finally at age 24 I get to see a Disney Princess on the big screen, and it was so special to me...I just ? this movie! *PROPNAME* you are the perfect date! xoxoxox
excited...my show is on in 30. RHWNJ reunion, part 1!! ?
do not EVER book your trips through Travelocity...they tried to charge me three times for the same booking!!! GRRRRRRRR
just finished the CSET. didn't think it was that hard, which either means I bombed it or I nailed it. We shall see...now I am napping :-)
I ? my Flip Video cam so much!
just booked VEGAS. So excited!!
is really really sore from dance yesterday! I can't wait for my muscles to get stronger so I can do more crazy stuff
made my 1st iMovie! My fave clips of me dancing to Aerosmith "Crazy"...haha :)
I have a love//hate relationship with the Stairmaster
new favorite cocktail = Champagne & Chambord...delicious!
Monday a.m. Yoga...*sigh* my life is SO hard ;)
got a new shampoo//conditioner and I'm excited to shower so I can try it!
is thinking of doing BOTH Stairmaster//booty exercises AND Tricked Out Pole class tonight. Workout obsessed!!
Does anyone have a stud finder and a drill I can borrow?
is excited for *PROPNAME*'s Birthday! Don't forget your one dollar bills girls!! Haha :)
leopard ?
passed all 3 subtests of the CSET in one go, and I never even did a practice test. I AM AWESOME.
this is the last Sunday I have to work. Yess! Weekend getaways here I come...I'm thinking LA...
re-arranged all the furniture in my room today to make way for the pole. I love re-arranging furniture, it makes me feel so accomplished!
had a super fun sleepover with *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* last night! Next time we'll do pole vids and photoshoot!
happy I was able to squeeze in a 30 minute pole workout before tutoring and class today...I'm proud of myself! Gettin stuff done!
is all tricked out...dang that pole class was hard!! All the more reason to go back next week...
ok I think I worked out too much today...everything hurts...but I had fun! :)
watching the Puppy Bowl...I want them all!
finally got a chance to watch The Bachelor episode 3...omg that *PROPNAME* girl was psycho!!
excited for the winter olympics!
did 45 minutes of dance, 8 minute abs, 8 minute buns, stretching, dog walking...NOW I can relax, watch Jersey Shore reunion and eat ice cream! :-)
when I have my own classroom, I will have a giant NO WHINING sign on the wall and every time a kid whines I'm just gonna point to it
I want to join *PROPNAME*'s Millionaire's Club
I love to watch Olympic Figure skating!!
is facing a difficult two weeks.
can't wait!
is happy.  Simple as that.
is back from the movies and just taking a breather.  How can life have changed so much in just a few months?
thinks gossips talk so much about other people's lives because they must not be too comfortable with their own.
is excited about this weekend!  Fun, yay!
is not doing the chores that need doing. -_-
is in Indiana for the weekend! <3
is with *PROPNAME*. <3
is back in Chicago (for now).
I saw you smiling at me... was it real or just my fantasy...
says hi.
doesn't have time to worry or be nervous.
Being kicked in the pinky apparently really hurts... the next day.
has lots to do until the 28th... so much for 100% fun summer.
is done with the final exam... and anxiously awaiting a weekend of fun!  Fireworks, anyone?
is going to Six Flags//Hurricane Harbor with *PROPNAME* tomorrow... then taking him on a bus tour of Chicago on Thursday! Yay! <3
Six Flags today, Dells tomorrow!
jest ca?kowicie zakochana.
wants to crawl into bed already.
would be perfectly content if forever was here.
has miles to go before she sleeps.
When all I want is something different and you couldn't give it to me... And all you do is lie to me.
is going to Chicago for a couple of hours and then to Crivitz! :D
is beginning her fall semester today... Public International Law, here I come. :)
long day full of yays and mehs...
wants to see the season finale of True Blood already!
is watching Iron Jawed Angels.
is seeing Nine Inch Nails tonight... but more importantly, Tony.
The last month of summer vacation has begun.
gets jittery from coffee.  Bring it on!  RAWR!
is still in Fort Wayne and is excited about Crivitz this weekend! :D
How long of an extension cord would I need to keep my phone plugged in at home and go to *PROPNAME*?
had a great time at Crivitz... and is already missing *PROPNAME*. <3
full week+ of Fort Wayne! :D
is packing.
already misses *PROPNAME*... but he's coming back, and we're going to go to Six Flags for real on Sunday!  And Wisconsin Dells! What a wonderful life.  MW <3 AH.
getting out, getting out, not staying in the house...
has miles to go before she sleeps.
bruised her heel!
is seeing *PROPNAME* tonight after class, and we're going to see Egypt Central in concert tomorrow!  (Only the start of a wonderful weekend!)
and *PROPNAME* sitting in a tree, K-I-S-S-I-N-G... <3
had a great weekend with *PROPNAME*... dancing, sightseeing, and most, importantly, just being together. :)
is going out with *PROPNAME* tonight. :)
is reading *PROPNAME*'s Secret Life of Bees... and watching season 3 of Dexter.
is happy!
going out to Martini Park tonight with *PROPNAME*!
s computer works... exactly like it did when it came out of the box. GG reformatting (unwillingly).
has renewed enthusiasm for life.  I can't wait to get started on all the things that need doing.
is so lucky to have him. <3
can't wait to see *PROPNAME*!
is in Fort Wayne for Labor Day weekend. :D
is seeing *PROPNAME* this weekend. :)  We're going to the Shedd Aquarium and doing other fun stuffs. <3
misses *PROPNAME*. I wish we could kick back and have a quiet evening tonight.
wishes for more time to do homework... so much reading, so little time.
needs inspiration to re-organize her space... and time.  Oh yes, time.
wishing it were Friday.
s heart is on its way back to Fort Wayne.
looks forward to forever with *PROPNAME*. <3
is going to see *PROPNAME* tonight, yay!
is 57% done with class today and just wants to go home and organize (and maybe find the USB cord to my phone so I get some new music on here).
is going to get busy tonight... writing a paper. :(
will be at her Women's Law class tonight - it's always a fun one!
is excited about seeing *PROPNAME* tonight and going on the boat cruise!
and *PROPNAME* are getting married July 17, 2010!
is with *PROPNAME*!
misses having hobbies.  Geez, law school, suck the life out of me, why don't you?
is so tired... from train to home to train to school to train to home... all in one day. No more, please. //whimper
s throat hurts.  Please don't let me get sick this close to finals...
When you've hidden an application in your news feed, is there anyway to bring it back?
is angry at quizzes that post to your status!
is stressing about finals.  So much to do, so little time.  Luckily, I have the amazing prize of being with *PROPNAME* worry-free once all this work is done.
had a wonderful weekend with *PROPNAME* and his family! :)
went to Riot Fest this weekend with *PROPNAME*!
needs a job.
loves the holidays... but loves them more with a *PROPNAME*.
watched The Hours today... what a trip.
needs to cut back on Dragon Age.
is so excited about the future with *PROPNAME*... i.e., next weekend! Haha.
had fun tonight at Bottom Lounge!  Nice seeing everyone. :)
is studying, doing laundry, studying, going shopping, studying, and cooking for *PROPNAME* tonight!  Yippee!
Winter break, be here already!
went to a bridal expo this weekend with *PROPNAME*.  We are so damn giddy about getting married.  Being sick has never been so good. ;)
is cooking with *PROPNAME*!
thinks *PROPNAME*'s Family Law would be better with finger-food, music, strobe lights, and burlesque dancers... and no case briefing. :D
is sick, but *PROPNAME* being here tonight will make it better.
Done with Family Law!
wishes life weren't so gray-scale... There are things I fear that excite me, things I want that I'm not sure I want, things I'm doing that I wish I were not, things I should be doing that I dread, and things that I want to put off but can't wait to get over with.  WTH life, how about giving me 2+2 instead of [x^3-x^2]//[(x^2+9)^3dx]?
is studying with Lord of the Rings in the background.  The holidays are just not the holidays without Lord of the Rings for some reason.
is in for the day.  The snow is coming down steadily outside, and it's beautiful.  A little music, a little hot tea, and a little work can make this a decent day.  Any advice for clearing out a cluttered basement?
has *PROPNAME* in Chicago... for good. <3
hopes everyone is spending their New Year like I am... with the person they love most. <3
Merry Christmas to all!
2 down, 3 to go.
Food Network.
dreading the Family Law exam tomorrow.  Last one, but ugh....
was late for her first class this semester, forgot her locker # and combination, bought the wrong book for a class, missed the distribution times for the U-Pass, and loves *PROPNAME*.
Basement mostly cleared out, stew on the stove, dishes done... Now for the ache in my back and hands to disappear, and I'll be sittin' pretty.
misses *PROPNAME* already.
Anyone looking for a roommate in Lakeview or Lincoln Park? Any help appreciated... Thanks...
is starting school on Monday... Con Law II, Trial Ad, Animal Law, Veteran's Advocacy, and Sexual Orientation Law... should be interesting.
1 more exam... and finishing a take-home.  It's almost over.
Conlaw 2 tonight.
One that would have the fruit must climb the tree.
Lazy Sunday.
can't believe the new semester is starting so soon...
was late to class as usual... and misses *PROPNAME* (as usual).
Go to UrbanDictionary.com, type in your first name, copy//paste this as your status and the definition as your first comment... and GO!!
is so happy!  *PROPNAME* got a job today!!!
is making eggs and bacon before it's officially noon. ;)
is in for another long day.
had a great time at the Dekalb County Fair!  The concert was fun, the farm animals were cute, and *PROPNAME* was wonderful as always.
is celebratin' good times!
loves her Valentine. <3
is watching "eraserhead".....this freaky boston weather today is perfect weather for david lynch film.
wants to punch mother nature in the face....rain, fog, and drizzle for a month?!
is wishing the williams sisters would lose to stosur//stubbs, but it doesn't look good.
is reading about polystrate fossils, Uniformitarianism, and *PROPNAME*'s appointment to run the Texas State Education Board....the more I learn the more horrified I become.
is attending a multi-country bar-b-que....me, one brit, one swiss, one french, a cuban american, a jewish american, one turk, and some hungarians...happy 4th!
just found out his sis and brother-in-law are mov'in to hawaii....uh yea.
creative block....schematic drawing due tomorrow....design gods please give me somethin' to work with!!!
big congrats to my friend laura from wayland and her partner beth who just got hitched on prince edward island.
is slow this morning getting to the gsd library for a day of study....neeeed cofffffeee.
jesus healed the sick and loved his enemies.....america rejects national healthcare and pours money into wars....hmmmm.
is in bed reading the "cultural landscape treatment report for the gropius house, lincoln, ma"....jawohl bauhaus!
doesn't want to finish his paper for class...grrrr.
is more wag, less bark today.
just got back from a Shiva.
Ambrosia artemisiifolia why are you so cruel?
chuck taylors, combat boots, or vintage prada penny loafers today?
off to gaslight for brunch then south end open studios to be artsy fartsy...........actually more artsy less fartsy.
is more bark, less wag today.
there's a Sonic in Massachusetts!!!
those who are tardy do not get fruit cup
just in from a fun fall night at the harvard//brown game...harvard won..go crimson!... down with the brown!
just elected to the HGLC Executive Board tonite...very honored to serve the caucus.
snow flurries in suburbia.....what?!  so soon....argh!
"oath keepers" the latest conspiracy group diverting extreme conservatives from actually doing the people's business....i think william f. buckley, jr. just did a 360 turn in his grave.
someone just said to me "this font reminds me of you"
back in beantown after a nice vermont excursion
oh levi, levi, levi..you naughty boy
is not luvin' site engineering homework tonite
really wants a kinky for govenor 2010 poster
sad day....jeanne claude, wife of christo passed yesterday.  met them a couple of years ago in their soho studio...two of the most passionate artists i've ever had the pleasure meeting.
less than 24 hours and i will be free (academically) from grading landscapes, swales, sidewalks with pitches, slope, topography models, and designing cemetery sections....good bye site engineering...i won't miss you.
is doing a week of *PROPNAME*(who lives here at the Schlesinger) posts in honor of the movie coming out on Friday.
is watching the large amount of black sedans, suvs, and police heading toward the jfk library from my studio window.
is hungry for haggis
going to see newt gingrich speak thursday night at the kennedy school of government forum.........anyone have a good question i can ask him during the q and a?
Friends in MA always say Texas elects idiots, well now I have a come back...thanks *PROPNAME*.
is shaking his head wondering when some of his conservative christian friends became so hate filled that they will join any anti-obama group on facebook.
is trying to get in touch with the notorious V.A.L.   Yo, *PROPNAME*, call be back sistah!
would now like to rename her son *PROPNAME*
is missing all of her CTY peeps.  She hopes they will keep her updated on what happening in that little town with big city problems.
is proud to admit she is a 35 year old mom who LOVES Eminem.
Date Night!  Woo Hoo!!!!!!!!!
loved hanging out with Klocks!
It is so true - your hair always looks great the day before you have a hair appointment.  However, as soon as I step out in this humidity, I will be jolted back to reality.
enjoyed her Wednesday night.
is helping her husband start his facebook account.  Oh no.
heard someone say that status updates are the ultimate form of narcissism.  Got her thinkin'.  Could that be true?
is wondering how the 8lb kid and the 91lb dog will do in the back of the Altima on a road trip.  I guess we'll see!!
drank too much iced tea before bed.
It's raining, it's pouring...and I just flat ironed my hair.  Bleh.
is longing for the comfort of familiar.
is listening to my dog, my husband, and my baby snore...simultaneously.  I AM SURROUNDED!!!
is once again wishing for a gardener and a maid.
doesn't think Carlisle is going to happen this summer.  Sorry guys!
messing with her new MacBook Pro, thanks Albemarle County!
is hoping *PROPNAME* slept through the night for *PROPNAME*.
Happy Birthday, Cash!
in need of a babysitter the afternoon and evening of UVA v. VT...any ideas?  Know any great sitters?  HELP!  :)
thinks she's a rock star...THINKS.  Bleh.
Bring it, Wankees.
is taking care of *PROPNAME* and his first cold.  Mommy no likey.
i wonder...
is thinking about a CTY reunion...hmmmm.......
is loving socialinterview.com
Recognized more silver lining than cloud on a fairly cloudy day - what a freeing experience!
Fly Eagles Fly!  On the road to victory!  Fight Eagles Fight! Get a touchdown one, two, three... (four, etc. etc.)  :)
My husband is out in the 18" playing with the dog and the neighbors' kids.  Gotta love him.
Anyone know a plow guy lookin' for work?  haha.  Seriously, if you know anyone that can get to us today or early tomorrow - send me the info, yo.
The largest front end loader I have ever seen just plowed our driveway.  Ah, the smell of freedom.
Raise your hand if you are snowed in AND consuming way too many calories.  I GOTTA GET OUTTA HERE!
Watching NCIS marathon.  Last time I did this, I investigated mysterious deaths all night long!  And I had to work the next day!
Reality check.  We are fortunate.  Prayers for Haiti.
believes thinking is over-rated.
Anyone interested in training for the Cville 10 miler with me?
To CTYers past and present, I urge you to do two things: 1) Dust off your Garden State soundtrack, there was a reason we listened to it non-stop for 42 days. 2) Mark July 16-18 in your calendar - we are all descending on the land of milk and honey.  Carlizzle fo' shizzle.
My FB font is huge - regular size on every other program - what did I do?  Help!
Inside Edition has hit an all time low.  Lead story: Will the crisis in Haiti affect the Golden Globe Awards?
Blame it on the a a a a a applejuice. Blame it on the a a a a a applejuice.
The lady at Panera didn't even have to ask me my name today. It showed up on my receipt - spelled correctly.  Maybe I need to hit up Greenberry's for a little bit.
Anyone have a gently-used treadmill they'd like to sell?
Heard since it's Vday weekend that people were changing their profile pics. Don't have a pictures of me and all three of my valentines (but *PROPNAME* is in the belly here) Can you imagine if I tried picking up *PROPNAME* now? :)
is playing Final Fantasy VII :)
is in love with college and can't wait to start in September :)
is pissed off that The Godfather isn't streaming properly :@
is in a really shit mood, fucking ps3 has a "Serious Error" in less than 6 fucking months :@, Also Msn is being a faggot and not letting me speak -.-
has a new number, ask me if you need it
is watching The Godfather trilogy back to back on Blu-Ray :D
is looking forward to Bridge on the 25th :)
is watching The Godfather
Anyone bothering to go Lava tomorrow?
Anyone know where I can get UV Paint cheapish not from Amazon?
is wondering what the fuck X-Factor is coming to. I mean, *PROPNAME* beating *PROPNAME*? What is this crap
is jammin on DJ Hero with *PROPNAME*
Did you know that it couldn't be more blatent that the X-Factor was fixed unless *PROPNAME* openly admitted he was gay with *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*
thinks it would be quite amusing to see *PROPNAME* get Number 1 with the original version of The Climb.
Merry Christams to all my friends on facebook :)
WoWo Rage is Number 1 xD
just bought his Hadouken! tickets :) anyone else goin?
had a good time watchin London Wasps lose in the cold today ://
is watching District 9
thinks tomorrow with *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME* ? and *PROPNAME* is gunna be jokes at Dancin Dragon ;)
hasn't noticed anything new with facebook, what am I missing?
thinks tonight was a pretty good night, even if *PROPNAME* is incapable of finding bathrooms in Strada
is back from D.C. and is very tired...
is holding *PROPNAME* in the Light...
is wondering what one does when hail comes down your chimney and is bouncing all over your living room floor...my first thought is to put a big tupperware in the fireplace to catch it all and then I'd have the awesome kind of crunchy ice that you get at S
is trying to tame her to-do list...
wishes her bro a happy birthday!
is holding *PROPNAME* in the Light as he crosses the Threshold...
enjoyed an incredible concert this afternoon by her friend and colleague        K-Pad...who is infused with musical talent, versatility, & passion.
#NAME?
is thinking about *PROPNAME* 's words - "It feels like - electricity. Yeah, electricity."
is smiling...
is noting the irony of her car overheating on the way to and from Devil's Head Fire Lookout Tower today...
is trying to figure out how to talk to children about jesus being the bread of life...
is looking forward to Taize tonight...
is in awe of the cycle of life after visiting a 103 year old woman and then hearing the heartbeats of three little triplets at 28 weeks in their mommy's tummy! back to back hospital visits -- being a pastor is so cool. people pay us to do this?? (not that
was told today (by a nurse at the hospital) that "a pastor is the last thing she would take me for." which begs the question...what is the first thing she would take me for?
wishes she could teleport herself to Dallas tonight to celebrate George's 20th anniversary at Wilshire...
went fly fishing today for the first time and LOVED it...thanks to *PROPNAME* for being such a fabulous teacher! This is the first fish I caught...a pretty big rainbow trout. We had to resuscitate him a bit when we released him back into the water...I didn't kn
is changing gears from "nurse" back to "pastor" as *PROPNAME* is back in Laramie and Sunday morning is coming soon...
is sitting in her clean house anticipating the arrival of the youth group...home made ice cream and frolicking in Wash Park...perfect summer evening.
is spending her Saturday sleeping & sermonizing & snacking.
just "is."
welcomes *PROPNAME* into the world!  Congratulations *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*!
went white water rafting today for the first time in 10 years...since senior trip at WBC! Thought of you Wilshire friends - *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME* *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*...
is grateful for The Threshold's ministry...I could sit in Taize for hours.
is going to her first Broncos game tonight and her first Rockies game tomorrow night! Thanks to *PROPNAME* & *PROPNAME*...and *PROPNAME*!
is savoring vanilla gelato garnished with fresh raspberries, blueberries, blackberries, & strawberries...
is missing *PROPNAME* (and *PROPNAME*)
feels so blessed by her church family...there couldn't be a better church to serve than Calvary!
has too much to do in too little time. Why is the "to-do" list getting longer every day instead of shorter?
is beginning yet another weekend with too much to do in too little time...hmm...no more bulletin board or nametag board projects for a long time...
likes Laramie.
is stoked that *PROPNAME*'s off the river and back in cell phone range!
is not pleased with the 9th inning of the Rockies//Cardinals game...
always enjoys the quiet sanctity of the church in the early morning hours on Sunday...
is taking care of *PROPNAME* post-sinus surgery...he is sans a giant fistful of polyps. Yeah!
It's pretty easy to switch my loyalties from Dallas to Denver with the Rockies in the playoffs & the Broncos beating the Cowboys...
is giving thanks for *PROPNAME*'s life and friendship and can't believe she would have been 27 today...
is sermonizing after having accidentally slept all day...
is headed to the Franciscan Retreat Center in Colorado Springs for the SoulJourners Retreat...
had a fabulous celebratory evening with the *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, & *PROPNAME* last night in Big D - and is now off to see her brother's new house...
is not okay with the fact that a mouse keeps traipsing across her living room as if he's been living here his whole life. I'm off to buy poison or a trap or something -- but somebody please reassure me that he will not climb up into my bed tonight...please!
is sermonizing on seat selection, servanthood, & stewardship...
is packing up and heading to Wyoming for 48 hours (give or take) of pure "vacation!"
is off to Laramie for a couple days!
is praying for *PROPNAME*...
is stoked that she is going to hear *PROPNAME* tomorrow night - in Denver!   Ah...memories of "Downstairs Cafe" and "Uncle Calvin's" in Dallas and "Club Passim" in Cambridge...
is missing her matthew...
is in Dallas...
Wow. Thanks for all the birthday greetings! 'twas a good day...and giving God thanks for all of you...
is sermonizing...her favorite saturday night pastime...
is sick. :(
is sermonizing and soothing her sore throat...slowly but surely my health is returning! Thanks be to God!
is still sick...and wishes she wasn't...
wishes *PROPNAME* wasn't stuck in Chicago...how many flights can be cancelled for one person in 48 hours?
is thinking a *PROPNAME* movie marathon is calling her name...
is still sick...day 8...hopefully by the new year i'll be well...
is ringing in the new year with a bowl of Kix & a glass of water & Wii golf.  yeah...i'm cool. ; )
just saw a tragic//comedic drama - August: Osage County - and thought it was intensely true and devastating and redemptive and isolating and packed with anger, hurt, joy, confusion, misunderstandings, and innocent deceptions. This family could be the centerpiece of a dissertation on family systems theory!
is still sick...first time to miss christmas eve services...good thing i have great colleagues...
is relaxing with *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, & *PROPNAME*...and *PROPNAME* is showing me pictures of Boston and making me sad...
*PROPNAME* is excited about Epiphany...her second favorite Liturgical Season!
is officially one year behind in her thank you note writing.
is excited that *PROPNAME* Crews is coming to Denver tomorrow!
enjoyed the Santa Fe Arts Walk tonight!
is going to hear *PROPNAME* read her own poetry tonight...
is excited that *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* will be in Denver soon!
is enjoying re-connecting with colleagues at the resident reunion in Dallas...
can't wait for *PROPNAME* to get here!
is happy for New Orleans...
is sermonizing in hopes of being transfigured in the process...
s first day of work was rough. Nice, but rough.
hates the person downstairs. I'm trying to work up here. I don't need you singing a vocalese while you're gargling at the sink. I mean really...
. iphone 3.0 release a DAY LATE? FU!
<3 *PROPNAME*'s ginger candy.
is mad that the fair ended up being more about mud than anything else.
is mad that the store was out of wonton rolls. DO NOT FRY SPRINGROLL WRAPPERS. It will not work.
Motorola S305!!!
s gf likes everything, apparently.
Set up a mobile router. Was way easier than I thought it would be.
is a bad person.
s world is rocked with the ht820.
is amazed out how more effective individual updates are at getting rid of his possessions than a single photo album. Only two more pieces of furniture to go!
finally remembers the meaning of summertime Friday nights.
had an awesome 4th.
I talked to a guy today who was convinced chemical engineering was "mixing elements to make things that use chemicals." Might make more sense if he didn't mean it literally. Oh well.
Who wants free stuff? The more I get rid of, the less I have to move. Dresser? Coat Rack? Shelves? Desk? Bathroom Stereo? Really people, you're doing me a favor by just taking it.
just set up network printing even though everyone said it was impossible. HA!
Who wants a FREE TV? Please just come and take it!!!
I'm still mad that I got into Jazz Band (the good one even) but I can't do it because of Thermo. THIS IS THE FIRST TEMR OF COLLEGE I WILL NOT GET TO PLAY MUSIC. GRAWWWWWWWWWW!!!!!
made eggrolls the right way.
Free Shelves!!!!!
<3s feeding time at the aquarium.
is sick of removing quiz results from his news feed. Please friends, just share the ones you reeeeaaaaaaaly like.
I know Grad School is having an effect on me when I read my vending machine selection as "C-naught". Mmm Ritz bits.
just got drunk with the Germans in his suite. Maybe there's something to grad dorms after all.
has tea!!!!!
Westbound on the Mass Pike you see signs for Springfield and Albany; almost like being in Oregon.
Next term I'll have a lab and get to do SCIENCE every day. Until then I have a cube and get to do HOMEWORK every day.
No, I'm sorry; a manometer is not a device that goes off when *PROPNAME* is nearby.
sure hopes Venture Bros. goes into season 5.
If you split a raw almond in your mouth, the halves are completely smooth on the inside. Why does this never lose its novelty?
thought everyone might like to know he was voted biggest nerd out of all the ChEs...
Damn feeder valve keeps clogging.
LHC: 2 beams WOOOOOO!
Whaaaat? I actually liked Avatar?
I find it frustrating when non friends post pictures of friends; it leaves me without the option of leaving snarky comments. *grumble*
It'll take a lot of convincing before I'll even THINK about watching Caprica. Reimagined Battlestar can KMA. I might change my mind if the writters demonstrate they're capable of keeping the plot details straight through the whole series. Thoughts anyone?
I highly reccommend *PROPNAME*. *PROPNAME* rules.
Woot. One craigslist adventure down; one to go!
wonders why more people don't say "twenty ten"
Damn boxcutter.
got into Jazz Band. Rehearsal is at 2:30. Have to bus home to get my horn. So much for getting work done today.
is high on swing dance. 'cept it's really late now...
Why is it impossible to sit in the tub with the shower on and not feel emo?
Wow, campus eye doctor is really fast. Go UMass!
broke a $900 piece of equipment today. *sigh* live and learn.
Woo. New glasses will be ready next week!
Just went skateboarding for the first time in my life. It'll be a few days practice before I can make it through campus.
just realized it's a lot easier to breathe when you don't live in the grass-seed capital of the world.
: saved by Wolfram Alpha.
stuck at home doing the same old boring thing...again.
im drawing the picture i promised jonna. its turning out nicely =]] i hope she likes it
someones going to get it soo bad later, UGH!!
took my placement test today! i ddi better than i expected.
looking forward to vbs next month!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! <3
rcc orientation tomorrow morning. =]]
rockin it grandma style with the new car....yo! haha
sad that vbs is over for the year..cant wait til next year!
saw mamma mia for the first time today. i like it =]]
excited for my mom to get home tomorrow!! =]]
misael's teahing me a little self defense. hahaha
one more day of vbs =[
....black hair now =]]
trying to pass time with maddie so she can register
this week is gonna be sooo much funn =]]
disneyland tomorrow =]] going with maddie going to be awesome!!
feels soooo much better now =]]
i really cant wait til next week: vbs AND living at maddies =]]  hahahahaha
going to the movies =]]
hates being in the house. nowhere to go...ugh
good day today. =]]
saw my old friend *PROPNAME* today, lots of catchin' up to do...=]]
goin' to watch the band perform their first performance today. haha =]]
happy for maddie =]]
kylees dying my hair =]]
super tired. i have class at 7 and wont be home til around 6. =[[
ahhhh i hate the cold. ugh
if youre going to rcc log on to webadvisor and make sure you didnt get dropped from any of your classes. over 3,000 students got dropped from not paying.
discovered that my life goal is to be a surgeon. =]]
needs to get hair recolored. ahhhhhhhhhhhh
has physics test on monday and a history mid-term on wednesday, funn stuff.....not!
exhausted, but not ready for bed...blahhhhhh
im home finally!!! yayyyy! i hope i did ok on my test.
good morning starshine, the earth says hello.....=p
exhausted. im ready to sleep.
surrogates is a really good movie. =]]
loong day tomorrow. not looking forward to it. hopefully i did ok on my mid term for history. =p
found out that i have 14+ years more schooling if i want to follow through with the orthopedic surgeon thing. . .
loong lazy day. i've had too many of these. oh well, hopefully tomorrow will be better.
ugh. dont feel good again.....ugh
made fresh chocolate chip cookies...yummmmyyy
today feels like forever!!!
got my transformers shirt. its cuute =]]
wants the new Tokio Hotel c.d. =]]
got my trnasformers shirt. its cuute =]]
*PROPNAME* always takes too long to get here in the morning. blahhhhhhhhhhh
is a happy camper because i got the tokio hotel c.d. =]]
doing good with soc. final so far =]]
i hate it when my mom leaves...=[[
mom's coming home tonight. =]]
finally home from a loong day at school.
disappointed in someone who i thought i would never really be disappointed in.
olive garden tonight =]]
had funn at 6 flags! =]]
so exhausted today, i don't want it to rain. blehhhh
2 pages down on my paper 3 to go!
gotta love writers block...ugh
I don't want to go to class today carrying a stupid tri-fold board with me in the wind. ehhhhh...oh well. i have to.
done with my paper finally =]]
if you know someone who has or had cancer! ? All I want for Christmas is a CURE! ? Put this on your status
so far...i have an A in Sociology =]]
i had an awesome idea for my paper last night in my sleep =]]
I love the smell of Christmas trees. =]]
Thank God I don't have to see *PROPNAME* ever again!
had a lot of funn with the sister =]]
created my plan A schedule of classes =]]
taking a break from my looong paper
relaxing and listening to music. funn stuff
ugh, starting my soc paper all over....this is going  to be a busy day...ugh
i feel worse than i did yesterday. thank God there's no class today.
just waiting...
why do some peoples parents take everything out on their kids. it's so stupid and ugghh!!
waiting for my new phone to come in this week. =]] sooo excited
bored....what to do for like 20 minutes...
my new phone comes today =]] and i scored a C on my first quiz. yayy =]]
Merry Christmas everyone!
i dont wanna go to school. ahhhhhhh
making a class schedule when everything closes fast is hard work. blahhhh
has a very good feeling about where things are going. =]]
I love my Mom! If you aren't too proud to say thank you to your Mom for helping you be the great person you are today.. please copy and paste to your profile! I expect to see this many times on my page! ;~} Some people no longer have their Moms here to appreciate! To those who dont we salute your mom with a moment of s......ilence!! Love you Mom & miss you everyday.See MoreSee More
up way too early. agh
Aoccdrnig to a rscheearch at Cmabrigde Uinervtisy, it dseno't mtaetr in waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are, the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae. Tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef, but the wrod as a wlohe. If you can raed tihs, psot it to yuor wlal. Olny 55% of plepoe can
the weather needs to not be like this...boooo
finished my final. no more developmental psychology =]]
Disneyland with *PROPNAME* today =]]
is thanking God for another day in the land of the living. For tomorrow is not promised. A harsh reminder that we have a limited time to mend broken relationships achieve our goals and be with the ones we love.
is BACK! AND BETTER THAN EVER!!!! A little wiser a lot stronger and much happier with a NEW ATTITUDE! :-)
is lovin it! All I have to do is sit back, enjoy the ride, let the good times roll and my destiny is HERE. Yep, pretty much! :-)
is so disappointed...why do I always have to be right about these things?
knows that God is carrying her. Without Him this would be too much. "Keep thy heart with all diligence, for out of it are the issues of life. (Proverbs 4:23) Lord, I know your love is enough for me. :-)
"If I should stay, I would only be in your way. So I'll go, but I know I'll think of you ev'ry step of the way...I hope life treats you kind. And I hope you have all you dreamed of. And I wish you joy and happiness but above this I wish you love....And I 
"Out of the abundance of the heart, the mouths speaks". Guard your words at all times. Your mouth can do so much damage to you and those around you. "The tongue is a world of iniquity, set afire of hell."
Word of the day: You don't have to settle for anything or anyone in your life. Determine what you don't like, pray hard, work hard, and fix it. Sometimes its just easier to walk away and start over.
is saying Lord take my hand, cover me and take me beyond what I understand.
is thinking that some people, once gone, need not EVER come back into your life...EVER.
is wondering why people think I'm going to put up with their foolishness. My silence IS NOT ignorance. YES, my price tag is HIGH, but the rewards FAR EXCEED THE COSTand those who matter will put in the work. The only treasure valued is the treasure worked for.
is finally doing what she should have done a long time ago. A burden has been lifted.
is SO HAPPY that my daddy ALWAYS hears and answers right on time!!! I LOVE MY JESUS and He's the only one that I need!
I got exactly what I asked for and it hurts. I forgot that nightmares are dreams, too.
is really craving some bbq! :-( I love my family but something's gonna have to change....
is starting all over again....
can see clearly now and no longer focuses on the closed doors. I'm only looking at all the open ones God has set before me. "Surely or ONLY goodness, mercy, and unfailing love shall follow me ALL THE DAYS of my life and the presence of the Lord and His house shall be my dwelling place forever."
"Who shall lay anything to the charge of God's elect? It is GOD that justifieth...For I am persuaded, that neither death, nor life, nor angels, nor principalities, nor powers, nor things present, nor things to come, nor height, nor depth, nor any other creature, shall be able to separate us from the love of God, which is in Christ Jesus our Lord." Have a blessed day!
is lmbo as this last Uno game I just played! But really, though? Time for bed, long day tomorrow.
is comforted and content. It only gets better from here!
had dinner with one of her favorite teachers and is FINALLy home....
People come and go and will always disappoint so I only invest in God. Lord, I belong to you until the end of time. I just wanna be close to you.
Two weddings, one baby shower and a great church service on Sunday! A weekend full of love and encouragement and I know the best is yet to come! "All things work together for the good to them that love God, for them who are the called according to his purpose."
"And still, I rise."
is excited about her first day at her NEW JOB as a college graduate! This is gonna be a FABULOUS DAY! This is the day that the LORD hath made, let us REJOICE and be glad in it!
finally graudated, despite the weather. Thank you, Jesus. And thank you all for your love and support and thanks to my love who came out to celebrate with me last night!
enjoyed spending time with one of her favorite people, *PROPNAME*. :-)
has to start all over again...
is done with facebook. Why am I tagged in a status against my will?
now needs another costume idea for the 80's party!
is not ready for Monday.
just found a new way to annoy coworkers: drink a big gulp of water and chew as you slowly swallow it
is looking to hire an end user support technician.
feels niceness is wasted on some people
wants some Alertos to cure this hangover
talking to the two little guys standing on my shoulders about the iPhone
The best winter holiday season of my life has concluded
hates wearing contacts to work.
just came back from another awesome weekend in Mammoth.
Go to urbandictionary.com and type in your first name. Then copy and paste this as your status. Put the first entry for your name under comments.
is one of the unlucky ones that has to work today.
24 hours til lift off
is excited for July 3rd.
is rather enjoying her little vacation in Oshkosh.
Is getting married in a little over a month
isn't sure what to think about things.
is waiting for August 28th at 4:15. Horray for the beginning of the rest of my life!
has cold feet.
is terribly confused. It feels like my mind is warring with itself...
is thinking hard and excited for her new Xanga layout!
thinks pipe tobacco is way better than cigarettes.
doesn't know how to cope with all of this stress... I think I've cried about 10 times in the last 3 days...
continues to befuddle herself.
was NOT able to push her wedding date back to the fourth of September. The presiding judge was full-up. The date remains August 28th at 4:15.
is sick.....still. And possibly jobless in 2 weeks. That is, if no more positions open up for me at Wal-mart.
hopes that wal-mart hires her, now realizing her blouse was open during part of the interview.
maybe a kitty would be a good christmas gift for *PROPNAME*....
still getting over that cold from last week.... but hey at least everyone's laid off the "quit smoking!" bit....
is at home on her first scheduled day off. And I'm bored out of my mind.
is still rather fluish.
is thinking that the poor girls doing that "single ladies" are getting dissed too much. I've seen younger girls doing lewder dances with less clothes. Seriously.
would work a spell if not for the moon being void of course...
is sick and tired of people who comment on every SINGLE status update, no matter how INSIGNIFICANT. We've been here before, you know who you are.
is having a little boy!
bought her 2010 Farmer's Almanac today.... horray for not having to write down every single sunrise, sunset, moonrise, moonset, and void of course pattern for next year! wOOt!
stayed home from work to take care of her hubby. By the way, the yorkie babies are so ADORABLE!
thinks that she needs some numbers from friends.
needs someone to drink for her on Dec. 12th since I'm pregnant and can't... lol
6 more days.... I'm counting down! And bah on all you snow-haters. All I know is I don't have to shovel this year, thanks to my loving hubby. Thank you hubby :)
is still sick. Oh well.
hm, low-signal internet? works for me.
I don't want to miss this weekend, but i might have to.... shitty weather and my hubby can't work today.... I think I might cry cause I really, REALLY wanted to go..... why did I ask for snow? I only wanted a little!
Finally! Snow in Reedsburg. I'm so happy there's gonna be snow on my birthday!
just woke up to half an inch of snow and is so happy, she's going outside in her pajamas to sweep it off her porch! That's no sarcasm folks..... I'm really excited. :) 5 days!
is a little upset about the amount of snow, and hopes she gets enough birthday money to visit her parents this weekend.
Well, Reedsburg certainly has an interesting way of plowing the streets..... 2 more days.
feels 8 months pregnant.... but really I'm only 5 1//2.....
wonders if its just coincidence that mine and my best friend's birthdays are EXACTLY twoo weeks apart.
Classes start 1//26 at 1:30 pm. I'm so excited!
is eating stroganoff, waiting for her hubby to come home and then maybe some sleep.
6 more days.... I'm counting down!
The siren in Reedsburg keeps going off. It's not the normal noonblast siren, it sounds like an air-raid siren and continued for 10 minutes. Can anyone tell me how to find out what the damn things mean?
SLEEP>WAKE UP>EAT>MORE WALLS AND FLOORS!
wishes vampire wars didn't take so long to put monies and energy back to your character.
TAPS then bed....
Sends out yuletide greetings to all her friends! I love you all and have a very merry holiday!
More walls! More floors! I need to make the sims 2 even more amazing!!!!
Hopes no one else bought a baby book for *PROPNAME*... I'm up to three now!
Going to grandma b's for dinner, then to sheboygan falls tomorrow... .what a busy weekend
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes and the cards. You guys made last week special. :)
Greatly dislikes the USPS. They damaged my christmas card :(
4 days folks, then up to mercer with my son and my loving hubby. I love you, hubby :)
Had a wonderiferous birthday. :)
is drowsy still... at least I managed to get 8 hours of sleep last night... a rarity these days.
found out The Used put out a new album this past year. How did I miss that one?
is a little upset about not being able to get a good connection all day. I'll try again tonight....
Cody's car is GHEY.
work on the forum is done for today..... now time to get lunch for me, connor and the baby and watch Wall-E again.....
going to be another long and boring week. So glad i don't have to go anywhere for a few months after this weekend.
Wishes she could post her awesome playlist to gaia but can't figure out the coding for it.
actually got some good sleep for once :)
knows what connor got from her.... he is such a little drama king, screaming bloody murder at time-outs!
sleepy...... >.> Working on the forum.
ugh... i hate this. Why is sleep such an issue when you're pregnant?
hates facebook, the internet, and her monitor.
is unloved <//3
hopes they schedule her C-Section at her doctor's appointment on Wednesday.
Tommorrow, I turn 21. I'm super excited. And I can't wait for 4 pm to roll around..... Mercer, here I come!
It never fails... I go to lay my son down for a nap and someone inevitably begins pounding on something, making it impossible for him to sleep.
They got me.... those darn Zynga games..... so addicting.....
3//3//10 *PROPNAME* is coming!
i need a massage. Now. Any takers?
I should have gone to bed earlier than 1:30 am..... guess I forgot that *PROPNAME* was going to be up at 7....
hubby is sick, connor is crabby..... I'm just tired.
finally found out who got her hubby and kid sick... and is pissed that she didn't find out until her son started puking.
has discovered that is an AWFUL idea to sleep on her back.
Getting my son to take a nap is like pulling teeth.
well, my kid and *PROPNAME* are better now..... just waiting for it to hit me...
I WANNA PLAY GF!
I think my part of the RP forum is done... we will need some moderators so anyone interested please send a meassage to me on here and I will get you set up with an account and send a linky.... thanks!
Pali Tank FTW!
absolutely HAS to remember to call MATC and drop her class.
I'll be back tomorrow, I'll be back at a quarter to eleven. I'm half drunk and I can't see straight, I hear a zero with a capital "Z". You got me singing songs from the balcony as the city crumbles under the powers of an evil doctor rocket science monster with capabilities to destroy the entire universe.
PANTS ON THE GROUND! PANTS ON THE GROUND! LOOKING LIKE A FOOL WITH YOUR PANTS ON THE GROUND!
sleepy.......
TAX REFUND!
City of Angels hads reconfirmed my belief that *PROPNAME* is AWESOME.
is tired.
spent another sleepless night tossing and turning, only to get up at 9 am and deal with a kid who, I swear, has the loudest, most ear-piercing scream I have ever heard (and uses it). To top it all off, I got a call from the clinic saying that I'm anemic, and they want to put me on yet ANOTHER iron supplement that I can't afford. FTW.
going to the in-laws for dinner then home for the evening.
can finally be on the net at the same time as her husband.... hooray!
is feeling it. >.>
doesn't want every status commented on. once in a while is fine but EVERY status? It's starting to get annoying. You know who you are.
has a naughty son.
tried to shovel. It was a bad idea.
it's been a good week.
is feeling better after sleeping on clean sheets.
Tell me that you're all right, and everything is all right.
Only one level left on Grand Fantasia, then I am a Palidin!
had a great holiday. Hopes the new year will bring better luck....
new profile image..... and the funny thing is, now that i think about... *PROPNAME* IS a lot like *PROPNAME*.....
To celebrate Valentine's Day, change your  profile picture to you and your spouse//significant other, and make sure  to tell how long you've been together!
thinks both her and her husband have sleep apnea.
My net sucks big, hairy, red man-balls. ARGH!
I am the eggman, they are the eggman, I am the walrus! Coo Coo Cachu!
smells justice has been served. What goes around comes around, and it definately came around for you, *PROPNAME*!
I may be the only *PROPNAME* in the world - I'm definitely the only one on Facebook.
Happy Father's Day to all you Dads
I have hardly given more information in the octameter,heptameter, hexameter, or pentameter than there is in the tetrameter- of course the boys are sleeping, you can't wake someone who isn't and a very roof is still a roof.  "The Ode Less Travelled." *PROPNAME*
has just completed sexual harassment training - now I can be really good at it!
Wow, I'm stupid - I can't count in monthly increments. I actually have one more month to complete this f____ thesis!!!
Haagen-Dazs "Baileys" ice cream, straight out of the pot - the perfect accompaniment for thesis writing
My wonderful husband bought me a really fast computer (the old one caught a Trojan). The remaining 15 pages will just fly by. Thank you *PROPNAME*
just dropped in on my lovely Italian friend - now feel the need for agnello e risotto a funghi
I now have a master's degree - ABT (all but thesis)!
First day as a high school English teacher. Apparently, an English accent fools 'em.
there will be no Magic Mountain fireworks on the 4th. Perhaps you guys don't want this independence thingy after all
Thesis approved! NOW can someone give me a job?!
It's *PROPNAME*'s birthday in about 45 minutes, but he "doesn't want a surprise party!"
I have submitted!
It was so nearly the perfect football day - UCLA won again, but then USC came from behind
Now *PROPNAME* is asking "when's my party? " Who predicted that?!
*PROPNAME*
My son breaks his ankle on the football field and his only concern is that he missed the pool party with the cheerleaders!
Question: How does one get 8th graders to shut the ____up?! *PROPNAME*? *PROPNAME*? *PROPNAME*? *PROPNAME*? I know you know - I'm exhausted.
I went sailing  today with the Fergies and Rich Pearsall. I polluted the Pacific a little more that it was alreaddy ;(
We will miss the Moos-Rubins, but we're looking forward to another great evening at the Bowl.
I'm almost ready to submit.
I have a new job!!!
I have at least one crazy child who is back on the football field!!
This teacher got an apple today - and grapes, strawberries, and cream!
no-class stadium for a no-class coach :( but I did park on someone's drive for $20 instead of the $60 that I would have had to give to USuCk
It's a lovely day in the neighbo[u]rhood when UCLA win AND the University for Spoiled Children lose :)
My second favorite team - Arizona!!!
Go Navy!
During a recent password audit, it was found that a blonde was using the following password: MickeyMinniePlutoHueyLouieDeweyDonaldGoofySacramento. When asked why such a long password, she said she was told that it had to be at least 8 characters long and include at least one capital.
Back home from an evening of "Enlightened Debauchery" and no Walt Whitman in sight. There was this one guy from NY saying something about leaves of grass....
our tree is naked! we can't find the skirt
my cousin keeps beating me at Bejewled Blitz!
did someone already tell me the difference between news feed and live feed? Sorry, I wasn't listening
it's too close - we're not used to playing in the cold
Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer! ? All I want for Christmas is a CURE! ?
for those of you who asked, the port was an '85 "*PROPNAME*" from Vila Nova de Gaia, Portugal
We Wish You a Merry??•*¨*•.¸¸? ¸¸.•*¨*•?? Christmas??•*¨*•.¸¸? ¸¸.•*¨*•??We Wish You a Merry ??•*¨*•.¸¸? ¸¸.•*¨*•??Christmas ? ? ?We Wish You A Merry ??•*¨*•.¸¸? ¸¸.•*¨*•??Christmas ??•*¨*•.¸¸? ¸¸.•*¨*•??...And A Happy New Year!??•*¨*•.¸¸? ¸¸.•*¨*•??... Copy and paste~keep the wave going!
For those of you who are just 6-7 hours away from 2010, Happy New Year//nuovo anno felice//nouvelle année heureuse etc., and for the rest of us, whether on the east or west coast, I hope it will be worth the wait :)
nothing yet - it's my day off!
Black
finally, raspberry pink, white, and grey
Please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone, who is a Wanker!.) Wankers affect the lives of many. There is still no known cure for these a_____s!!! But we can raise awareness ...... 93% won't Copy and Paste this, will YOU make this your status for at least one hour. :D
to whom it may concern, have a great first day at school today. and make good choices
If you are a parent with the greatest kids on earth then copy and repost this and let's give our kids the recognition they need! I am proud of my children.
3-ish
just discovered our dog barks at thunder!
status is being tracked, the owners of facebook have confirmed they will send $1 to the rescue fund for the Haiti earthquake disaster for everytime this is cut and paste as a status. You only have to leave it for a minimum of 1 hour. Lets all do our bit to help
My first English department meeting; I was expecting fisticuffs
It's our anniversary - 16 years ago today, the Rassool family landed in California to pursue the American Dream....
One syllabus down, one to go, but I got distracted.
Happy Chinese New Year! To all my fellow tigers: Leo who turns 12 this year, and any friends who are turning 24, 36, 48, 60, 72 or more, it's going to be a lucky year for us!
"Those who criticize our generation forget who raised it."
"In awe I watched the waxing moon ride across the zenith of the heavens like an ambered chariot towards the ebony void of infinite space wherein the tethered belts of Jupiter and Mars hang forever festooned in their orbital majesty. And as I looked at all
"I refuse to answer that question on the grounds that I don't know the answer." ~ *PROPNAME* XD
"Parents spend the first part of our lives teaching us to walk and talk, and the rest of it telling us to sit down and shut up." XD
"Ah, *PROPNAME*. The eyes are open, the mouth moves, but *PROPNAME* has long since departed." ~ *PROPNAME* XD XD
"Death and famine stalk the land like two great stalking things." ~ *PROPNAME*
"Arguments are to be avoided; they are always vulgar and often convincing." ~ Oscar Wilde xD
podkanva vseki, koito ima da i prashta snimki ot razlichni meropriyatiya, da go stori v skype vuzmojno nai-skoro... ^^ :P
Damn, U.S. beat Spain? We should be proud
had a FOG sighting on the street
District 9: not perfect but definitely lives up to the hype
needs a job
*PROPNAME* may have been out of line, but Single Ladies is much better than *PROPNAME*'s crappy song and mediocure video  and at least for once he wasn't complaining about himself not losing
Does anyone have Skype? just got it
Celebrated the New Year in true Oakland style, hearing automatic gunfire seconds after midnight
"This is what it's all about, isn't it, listening audience?  A brief seizing brilliance in the immediate air.  A death-rendered flash of perfect equilibrium."-Don Delillo, Ratner's Star
just finished watching terminator about to watch Dance Flick :)
got stuck writing my book, listening to staind & Muse lost track of thee Bloody Time! now im stuck in my own little world i have created!
The wise speak only of what they know.” ~ J.R.R TOLKEIN
is planning to go to the snow on ash's holidays :)
is going to write some more of my book!
just finished watching 10'000 BC now heading to bed hopefully ill feel better 2morrow :)
):
is making homemade mini quiches for *PROPNAME*!!!
i want a pygmy marmoset
finally *PROPNAME* is asleep im not well at all ):
me and wato's are on the jimmy not gettin very far!!! lmao hella goooooooddddd!!!
is finally off to bed...so tired!!!
Each friend represents a world in us, a world possibly not born until they arrive, and it is only by this meeting that a new world is born
Finally got the net back on!!!! BUTTT left my camera with my funky pics from the w//e in Bendi ): owell!
im going to play mahjong :)
up early, i finally had a good nights sleep :) all refreshed for today!
cant sleep but im so tired
Real women are not perfect, Perfect women are not Real!!!
"look not from the mind, but from the soul. For the life that is coming is already before us, waiting to open up the world. just look more closely. find the eyes to see."
it was such a beautiful sunny day and now its raining!!!
back in bendigo and starting my detox...FUN FUN!!!
In the night garden is not 4 kids!Upsydaisy & igglepiggle kissin in the pinkyponk,tombliboos always strippin,pontipines have 8 kids & maccapacca has OCD!
amber decided it would be fun to steal an egg and smash it on the carpet ):
is still sick and missing ash already!
is off to bed!!! so tired
Lovin keyshia coles new song TRUST!!!
Aristotle wasc right when he said - to perceive is to suffer!
is *PROPNAME* :) <3
is ready for bigger and better things!!!
i seen a cauliflower @ the Crown!!!
might head off to melb tonight!!! gotta get out of bendiGAYYYY
the weather is horrid for a saturday but i suppose we need the rain!
need to find a house in melb want to move b4 christmas!
is finally ready to sleep got doc appointment 2morrow or shall i say 2day!
is heading to bed not feeling 100% tonight! nye nye's every1 xo
and amber are gettin out groove on!!! lol
is about to start reading my new book~library of the dead by glenn cooper seems very interesting :)
has decided to quit smoking, havnt had one in 2 days!!
having a nice hot mug of ginger and lemon tea
YAY *PROPNAME* is fast asleep already!!! that's wat happens wen tarnisha puts toys in her cot wen they are supposed to be sleeping!
had a gud nite!!! might go to melb later, feel like a train adventure!
Just watched the new Harry Potter :) now heading to bed!!!
*PROPNAME* decided it would be good fun to spill noodles all over her and all over the floor!
Cant wait till *PROPNAME*'s party this Sat :)
cant sleep and looking for some inspiration but yet im so tired, i need to finish this chapter! im gonna regret this later today!
YAY!!! my house is finally looking normal again
cant find my phone Grrrrr i think i left it @ mum's ):
*PROPNAME* is being so naughty today!
just got my labret re-peirced
up nice and early....heading to melb soon, *PROPNAME* is coming today WOOHOOO!!!
Off to Gold coast this weekend WOOHOO!!!
my sketch is getting done and im off to get my first tatt next monday wooo hoo
just got back to the hotel for dinner then hitting the gym,pool & spa!!!
Ginger & Lemon tea works wonders lol
and *PROPNAME* are ROCKIN it out!!! lol
Courage is found in unlikely places.
Hmmmmm what can i do tonight???
is off to bed nite all!!!
LMAO ROX!!!
has just finished my first cup of tea hmmm what can i do today?!!
Damn you's a sexy bitch DAMN GIRL!!!
is making singapore curry for dinner with coconut and saltana rice
did some christmas deco shopping and got amber a singing elmo stocking....i so wish i didnt do that now hahaha
cant sleep...gonna write some more of my book!!!
wants to plan a kid city day for the little ones next month who is interested???
i really hate spiders just found a heap of massive black ones on the outside of the house i mean MASSIVE :(
and ash have been outside cleaning the yard and making a rabbit hut for amber :)
ash will be home soon :) yay his dinner is waiting for him
is having a bad day why am i so Agro...i think the moon is taking its affect on me already!!!
And *PROPNAME* are rocking it out to Aaliyah
+ Being able to relate to or think about the unknown is half the battle of expanding your spiritual beliefs. Having the opportunity to experience it personally is the other half. - *PROPNAME*
is having a movie night with my man!!! :)
I AM A HUMAN NOT A SANDWICH!!!
is stuck on MEDIUM!!!! :)
is fricken hot!!!
is headin to bed in a min, im so tired tonight! wonder what tomorrow brings :)
off to bed so tired and i cant wait till tomorrow HAPPY BIRTHDAY Ash i love you so so much! xoxoxo
i get my new bedroom setting on monday YAY!
its friggin hot and it will be like this till moday arrrggghhh so sleepin in the loungeroom 2nite!
amber likes Beyonce its funny, everytime i put one of her songs she starts dancing like crazy and singing
cant wait to see new moon & 2012 im counting down the days hahaha
want to invest in a pool hmmmm hate public pools yuk
is going to see 2012 tonight woo hoo!!! been waiting to see this, it would be interesting to see if nostradamus predictions come true in 2012!!!
Free your mind, Freen your thought, think outside the box, we have to restore balance in the world or we will cease to exist come on think about what is really going on in the world can we afford to be so selfish!!!
cant wait till MAGICK HAPPENS!!! taking ash and my little girl with me!!! anyways off to bed to dream my night away :) nite all FB friends! sweet dreams
it has been a very interesting day so far.....havin a ball!!!!! poor sandy nearly got hit by lightening
wants to watch Medium but left it in the car along with my phone *FRUSTRATION*
some people really get under my skin, i love intellegence at the same time have a low tolerance for stupidity, on the upside i got myself some new books and remedies to test!!!
wants ash to get his butt out of bed so we can go and do something!!!
Mehhh.....................WHY????!
“I do not love the bright sword for it's sharpness, nor the arrow for it's swiftness, nor the warrior for his glory. I love only that which they defend” Tolkein (lord of the rings)
this is the best morning ive had in such a long time! im loving it!
WHERE THE HELL IS DANI WATSON???? i need my purse back i have to go grocery shopping GRRRRRRrrrrrr
is having a games night with the girls if anyone is interested in joining???
and *PROPNAME* wants to go to the Beach!!!
YAY its Friday!!! hopefully Wattys gets her butt in town 2day! :)
gonna play mahjong
is back!!! *PROPNAME* will not sleep, teething :(
got booze all i need now is a drinkin buddy
is havin a drink with ash, jaz and tiggs :)
cannot believe some people!!! you do nice things for someone and they take you for granted! well this is the last straw for me NO MORE will i help this person!
just a question to all off my friends!!! do you think that a REAL INDIGO would be racist???? i thought we were here to help others not put them into a catagory where we critisize people over something they have no control over i find this quite disturbing
misses Ash heaps xoxo
is having a drink jazza and tiggs :)
YAY booked in for family portraits :)
Pass The Courvoisier
didnt even realise Bendigo cup was on 2morrow hahaha need to get updated with the times :) anyways got portraits today and they were absolutly fantastic!!! hmmm what can i do 2morrow, got alot of housework to catch up on which sucks bigtime :( its never ending!
i want a beverage!!!! hurry up people! lol
ash is really pissing me off right about now GRRRrrrrr
had a great day shopping got some new dresses and amber new clothes havin a beer and chillaxin now
just dropped the boyz off at the Airport...Hennessey here we come! CRUNK JUICE :) LOL
just made the best citrus cous cous salad for tea with pumpkin and potato croquettes yumm
hmmm ash is cooking dinner tonight but the question is when??? lol
so so confused!!! cant wait till the girls get here :)
Many that live deserve death. And some that die deserve life. Can you give it to them? Then do not be too eager to deal out death in judgement. For even the very wise cannot see all ends.” Tolkein (lord of the rings)
had CLOGS for tea was soooo goood! now havin a beer :)
had a really great day at nan howarth's with the whole family yesterday :) now off to nanna and poppi khoo's today YAY :)
rockin out to paramore===
is hell tired so im heading to bed! nite all xo peace
ash is a freakkkkkkk!
shots of petrone!!!! da da daa da da da daaa da shot shot shot shots
waitin for wato's 2 get here!!! she is takin her sweet time! lol
Getting my tattoo drawn up today! so excited, mite get a peircing while im out and about!
listening to Alicia Keys new album....so far i like:) its AWESOME!
i karate chopped a homeless guy at the dinner table because im a ninja!!!
thinks karma is an amazing thing!!!
BLAAHHHHh what a crappy morning!!!
Never pretend to a love which you do not actually feel, for love is not ours to command.
made my first batch of peppermint foot scrub and it works wonders!!! love it!
is having pepper steak with baby honey carrots, steamed zuccini, brocolini, eggplant and baby potato's with red wine gravy soooo gooood!!!
having a beer and listening to tunes still pretty bored hey
º¤ø¸„ø¤Keep the Australia Day Wave Goingº°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ º¤ø¸„ø¤Keep the Australia Day Wave Goingº°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ º¤ø¸„ø¤Keep the Australia Day Wave Goingº°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„Pass It On º¤ø
loving my new book!!! i recomend "The house of night" series to everyone!!!
9 inches :(
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name under your status
misses the the sound of the wind's voice and the whispering of the tree's
The key to realizing a dream is to focus not on success but significance - and then even the small steps and little victories along your path will take on greater meaning.
is bloody tired!!! taking *PROPNAME* to the beach tomorrow :) i even brought her a bucket with spades lol
just stay true to you!
just got back from the market and YES once again i brought candles!
off to wedderburn today going to celebrate halloween for the weekend YAY!!!
How many really know what love is? Millions never will Do you know until you lose it That it's everything that we are looking for When I wake up in the morning You're beside me I'm so thankful that I found Everything that I been looking for
just finished my house duties now going to have a cuppa and chill back with my little girl
cheers to the freakin weekend!
If I wear makeup, I'm fake. If I like to get dressed up, I'm a Tart. If I say what i think, I'm a bitch. If I cry sometimes, I'm a drama queen. If I have guy friends, I'm a slut. If I stand up for myself, I'm mouthy. Seems like you can't do anything now a days without being labeled.. So what, go ahead and label me, see if i give a shit. Repost this if your proud of who you are! x x
i couldnt ask for a better support system
off to work i go!!!
me myself and i!
wants to move to Daylesford!!!!
heading home in a minute then off to look at bikes for bee's birthday in the morning!
in times that are tough you really learn something new about yoursrlf, your life, the path your taking and the people around you. im happy for this and my life is great at this very moment i dont want it to change anything.  this is a new chapter!!!
i came to win to fight to conquor to thrive, i came to win to survive to prosper i came to FLY
regret letoya feat ludacris perfect song
*PROPNAME* doo-wops & hooligans <3
off to do some hardcore shoppimg for bee's
had a good day out, met family from mauritius i didnt know i had, brought amber nearly an entire new wardrobe, bike and other goodies!!!
Meditation time!!!!
off to mansfield again!!!
is off to read my book
is beyond caring i came back here to be happy and live the way i want to live.... my life is in my own hands you cant determine whats gonna make me happy and at peace only i can do that! i dont need anyone as long as i believe in myself!!!
pineapple
going out for dinner tonight at the Deck mansfield cannot wait!
is cooking home made chilli, lime and corriander burgers yummm feel like a beer and some poker just no-one to play it with :(
off to work soon so cbf!
so tired cant wait to get home to see my baby girl!
I was never a huge Michael Jackson fan, but for some reason I can't stop thinking about how sad I am that he passed away...  I can't believe it.
mad river & uncle Fatty's tnite, Rockit tmrw, Spain next week!!!! :D
The world seems a lot different without one of your closest friends... unbelievable!  He was awesome.
Scifi Club meeting at Mai's tonight (7th St. and 2nd Ave., East Village) @ 8pm!!! Please send back if you can be there so we can get an idea of how many people will be there (in case we need a reservation).
is taking a nap and dreamin of *PROPNAME*
is going on a road trip to CO! wish me luck
is looking for someone to watch a movie with...possibly *PROPNAME*?
is going to have rocky mountain dreams
wants the "22kt gold star trek commander Spock card" in the ad to my right.
is very angry that she cant figure out how to get pictures up of my super awesome colorado trip
wants to escape
is wondering if anyone from the burbs is going down to u of i this weekend? party before the youngins start class?
hates being sick... wheres my miracle cure? please send if you find it
is taking advantage of dollar pitchers at the public house... call to join me on this awesome deal
is desperately bored..entertain me please
went camping and canoeing for the weekend :)
is going to be a great SIU groupie
has a 2X2 bruise from falling at legends...largest i can remember ever having. ow
anyone doing anything earlier tonight? call me im lonely :)
can't believe shes not returning to the u of i
is loving that The Santa Clause with tim allen is on tv, great 90s classic
is wondering what everyones doing tonight.. and can i invite myself? lol
never thought helping with burning gift wedding cds would be so terribly difficult
woke up to the terrible olympic news :(
is so careful, i cant move
great weekend filled with tailgating, wine trails, and lots of laughs!
is bored in her own home... come and save me
is watching obama represent Chicago2016... fingers crossed for tomm afternoon!
tryed to buy a car at LISTED price and still couldnt... i dont understand the car industry
have to admit... zombieland was pretty good
just bought her first car, 2006 mazda3 only 15000 miles!!! kinda worrying that somehow somethings just gonna fall off of it, great price for a car that someone oviously never drove.
what are other sites to look for a job (other than the obvious monster and careerbuilder)........????
anyone have my gray wool coat? or remember the last time you saw it last night.... opps
loving the drunk messages i got tonight! hilerious.. love my friends
i have 8 invites to give out to Google Wave. write your email if your interested in being part of the first to get accounts!
left her purse on the train yesterday and it was given to the lost and found!! makes me still belive in the goodness of people.
would love a rainbow race right now! :(
can see the strike at u of i on the quad cam... first good use of this thing
U of I or Bust! call me if your in chambana please :)
i am uneligible for car insurance bc of the other people i live with... great
has a farmers tan
went into the shower with my new watch..oops
is excited for the best holiday of the year... Dranksgiving at the Dupage Inn. call to join the festivus
ballydoyles trivia tonight? call if your in!
finds it funny that the rule of the road change to survival in the snow storm
is wondering whats happening for the weekend
ballydoyle trivia tonight at 9 ish, call if your interested!
It's WAYBACK WEEK! Everyone change your profile pic to a throwback picture of yourself when you were young!! Let's have fun and get everyone to do it. Copy and paste this to your status!
being sick is terrible
heading to the Paign for tomm night... better be ready
"beer bong for my lady?" what gentleman are on the wisconsin river
You want to play house you got to have a job. You want to play nice house, very sweet house, you got to have a job you don't like.
soooo busy at work!!!!
what a day...home sweet home!
the busy day continues... ;-)
at Great America with over 100 kids......the madness?!?!??!
going to flordia tomorrow!!
On Vacation in Flordia For week!!
rotc
Schools coming so soon!
ROTC Camp
have to fin my homework
it my birthday today !! I'm finally 14!!
first day of high school!!
everyone come to the everyone come to the Chick-Fil-A on highway 29(by screenplay) !!!!and come to the car wash!!!!!!:):):):) our JROTC program is having a carwash come and get you car washed.
Orienteering  today
back  from the car wash it was tiring!!
i hate christmas music
Going to YEC with my church on monday
finally got back from my trip
why does it seem like im always online these days?...
beach?!?
if your a girl and you haven't seen the miniseries North and South (BBC) you need too!!
Dear planes,  Please stop crashing, I'd like to go on a trip to Ireland without dying on either flight.  Thanks, *PROPNAME*
nm... out for a walk to the PIER! llame to make the walk go faster... or to come along :)
yeah... i'm in the american executive!! woo
according to Japanese scientists.. humans glow!! i KNEW it!! :)
okay fine... i'm going, i'm going...
the Ugly Truth was fantastic!
no really... I'm watching *PROPNAME*.
lovin the warm windy HB weather in my backyard
my hair is turning black!!!
read harry potter 7 cover to cover in a day just cuz
hungeeee!!
is at the beach at 30th st in newport... come join! give me a call or just show up! :)
oh god... baby next door wont stop crying grrrr!!
so one day, I'm going to ride a horse (Fresian to be specific) over some majestic rolling hills and *PROPNAME* is going to run behnind me with a boombox blasting epic music... i can't wait
sigh... Debussy... always puts me in agood mood
stimulated the economy yesterday... there goes 100 on makeup... now next on the list... somewhere to go all dressed up
I'ma gonna watch you break it down and dance.
sooo, this essay....
tear :`( really?...
the unknown is NOT fun. Ya'll are crazy for thinking so. lol
will complete seaon 3 and 4 of Kim Possible by tonight :)
LOVES *PROPNAME* Day <3 <3 <3
is on a tour of Asia. Burmese Saturdays, Japanese Sundays, Mongolian Mondays, Thai Tuesdays.... suggestions?
i think its unholy to be up at this hour twice in two days....
anyone have a place i can put my car during the football game? our house is doing football parking so its getting kicked out :( poor thing
eating seaweed.... wow.. thanks berkeley... what have you done to me
getting down with the Soweto gospel choir
Babbbbyyy you've got what it takes!
Though (*PROPNAME* < *PROPNAME*) they both = amazing. <3
really into *PROPNAME* right now
Guess how old I am in my profile photo
all of a sudden I'm really REALLY excited for Christmas <3
stomach wants to kill me ://
is OFFICIALLY nominated to the Peace Corps!!
Christmas tunes have started!!
House is addictivly depressing
"I want your love and  I want your revenge" "You and me could write a bad romance  " "I want your love and  All your lovers' revenge  " "You and me could write a bad romance"
Watching X-Men cartoons at home..I think I could do this for the rest of my life
omg.... peopleofwalmart.com
I have *PROPNAME* on the brain. ugh... one of these days I will remember to write about a topic other than intellectuals in colonial eras.... UGH
I really want to watch Gladiator right now
why yes I do lipsynch to the Soweto Gospel Choir in Zulu
President Obama -- fighting wars in two countries -- will arrive in Norway on Thursday to accept the Nobel Peace Prize.... Amusing CNN headline
Come to the J.S. Bach Magnificat at noon tomorrow at Hertz Hall!!
Mister Squiggles, the light-brown version of the hamsters, has unsafe levels of antimony.
Please choose ONE of the options and then write an essay in which you offer an argument so brilliant, so insightful, and so well-supported that political analysts around the globe are left astonished, humbled, and shaken (if not stirred).   - I <3 you *PROPNAME*. This is the best prompt ever.
Way to go young people, our contribution to society? "Unfriend" has been added to the OED.
"history must concede that he was in the exceptional position of a self infatuated man who happened to be right" --- the entertaining things i find while researching
FAIL. Instead of writing bspace.edu I wrote facebook.com
I wish everytime a camera circled around my chair a month went by. (See New Moon and You understand)
does not want to go back to berkeley.... well except for friendzies <3
is a Teach for American 2010 Corps Member!!!  (Southern Louisiana, Secondary Biology)
Grandma and I had a fight yesterday about whether the owner of the restaurant sounded like Blanche or Rose from the Golden Girls. Good Times. <3
*PROPNAME*
When sending your Christmas cards this year please take an extra one and send it to this address: A Recovering American Soldier c//o Walter Reed Army Medical Center 6900 Georgia Avenue NW; Washington, D.C. 20307. If we pass this on, think of how many cards our wonderful wounded military will get. PASS THIS ON TO ALL YOUR FRIENDS. (JUST COPY AND PASTE TO YOUR WALL)
is at jury duty ugh
New Years Resolutions 1) To become Kim Possible 2) To get a pony
fun fact... the foremost creationist advocate got his phd in bio chem from berktown
in Big Bear until Friday call me if you need me
so not cool with the fact that *PROPNAME* (who is 34 btw) is getting married to a 22 yr old argentinian model... exuse moi *PROPNAME*, I happen to be 22, you didnt have to look that far.
today was a new day then promptly ate 2 sees candies
insecureorama
Hello My name is *PROPNAME*, Human Cyborg relations... :) <3 to fam for actually watching the film with me last night... classic!!
teaching myself ALL of AP bio and 4 years of an education major's knowledge in 2 days booyah!
made mochi and red bean
are you kidding me... there is a book about how mr darcy is a vampire? really? okay you convinced me.... i'm reading it
His Royal Highness Fluff n' Stuff IS the perfect name for a pony!
Obama got the Nobel Peace Prize the same day that we bombed the moon... interesting...
GO BEARS!!!
Anyone interested in Seeing *PROPNAME* at the Nokia Theatre on the 28th of Feb?
yesssss, josh groban has a solo in the new "we are the world recording".....
why is it that whenever there is a pig butchered in Europe there are always drinks and snacks? - *PROPNAME*
I really REALLY REALLY want to be a Star Fleet officer. I have since I was 5 and I still do.
re: the completly redone monopoly game's utter potential failure:  So far, the Internet echo chamber's biggest criticism focuses on the new version's tight security. It seems that when it comes to Monopoly, *half the fun comes from cheating by stealing from the till when nobody's looking*, a loophole the new version closes with its fancy electronic banking.
I <3 My Garmin Forerunner
I honestly don't know who *PROPNAME* is.
PASSED my Praxis exams with flying colors!!! Thank you *PROPNAME*'s notes for that recognition of excellence on the PLT 7-12 :) <3
In Berkeley hit me up to hang out :)
why yes I am listening to the Backstreet Boys' new CD and cooking fudge. .... soon, I'll get a cat.
got a doggie!! what to name it?
just made amazing pineapple curry jasime rice!! jealous??
(viral) social experiment: if you read this, even if we don't speak often, please post a comment with a memory of you and me - anything you want, good or bad or silly or sad. When you're finished, post this paragraph as your own status... you'll be surpri
misses her baby soooooooo much!!
ATTENTION JERSEY PEOPLE!!!..........Montgomery County Animal Shelter is closing tomorrow. You can adopt for free tomorrow between 12-4. They will be euthanizing all animals without a home!!! Go & save a life!! 30 cats and 80 dogs left. please re-post!
Thanksgiving at our place!! We eat at 5:00pm!! We would love to have you!! : )
on my way to 60 degrees and rainy. yay.
Nude.
Been thinking about adopting a pet?? Chihuahuas arrive at the Manhattan ASPCA Wednesday Jan 13th from 12-7pm. Chichis are the PERFECT city dog, so loyal, extremely loving, highly intelligent with tough new york personality. THEY ARE AMAZING!!
only the cool kids are on facebook at 12:30 on a saturday night. : )
Just gave *PROPNAME* a big piece of chicken out of my pasta, totally forgetting I just loaded it down with cayenne pepper!! She's still at her water bowl. Good lord, the gas that is to come while I'm sleeping... (I'm so sorry baby!!)
is in Floriderrr until the night of July 14th
is 65 degrees 87 percent humidity warm enough to go out tonight in shorts hmm
is really fucking tired of my dad telling me that nothing I do or plan is important.
is hoping some meditative (aka repetitive) work will pick her up and clear her head today
Transformers 2=the best trash I've seen in a long time
drowning misery in alcohol and Civ 4, 1v1 raging barbarians on a large map
If anyone needs help in a math class, my friend *PROPNAME* is an experienced tutor so feel free to contact him. (Not taking any math classes myself, fuck math!!)
It's official: I'd rather have watched 6 depressing foreign language films than this boring 2-hour long piece of crap called Adventureland
Man I'm not gonna end up finishing my portfolio website over break am I
seems I'll be back in NYC with the BF Jan 6 and 7, hmm what to do
has a functioning proto-website in just 3 hours (less if I hadn't forgotten everything about CSS & Wordpress)! Yay!
Am I the only person who got all teary-eyed during *PROPNAME*'s emotional speech?
Is anyone else catching the disastrous wordspacing on the screenshot for iBooks? Why cant each book be typeset the way it was for print?
YAAAAAAAAAAAY SAINTS!!!! New York is out so Im pulling for you!!
Seriously I dont know how male dominated Apple is but "pad" has a whole different connotation for us ladies
It seems that Apple instead of creating a tablet Mac they created a big iPhone and one that doesn't seem to improve drastically on it. :(
Im so happy for the Saints!!! Now time to sober up and look forward to the Olympics
Just realized Valentines Day//Chinese New Year is this Sunday, not Saturday...oops
is happy his brother will join him in Princeton tomorrow.
got a cool Japanese headband
every man is an island
got a haircut!
http:////ca.news.yahoo.com//s//capress//091008//world//eu_nobel_literature
is about to cut his hair. Objections?
3rd interview: Columbia, 24-27 Feb
has a gold medal. In taekwondo.
when will I stop spilling liquids?
loves correlation coefficients
is going home!
first interview! Harvard - January 21-24
is addicted to Tap Tap Revenge on his Ipod and thinks it could make a great experimental paradigm for studying motor learning
is home
870//900 Math GRE
Merry Christmas!
slept from 11pm to 7am! It's a Christmas miracle!
found the magic water. It makes an incredible coffee!
has great friends
is sick of data
is back
is back: *PROPNAME* 73 feels like... home?!
is coming back
4th interview: Caltech! California here I come...
the rumors are true: Harvard IS awesome
2nd interview: Carnegie Mellon, 11-13 Feb
in Boston
needs paper filters
is happy *PROPNAME* is coming to Princeton
is mad at himself
is sick of plains and trains
Sometimes I realise how insignificant I am in the universe. Then I get over it.
Just uploaded photos. Wow, that ball was fun...
For some reason I have stayed up till 4am. I'm only a little tired, and I've run out of books to read. I've also started and finished a game I downloaded. Is there something wrong with me?
It's getting a mite windy out there...
I haven't gone to bed yet, but i'm heading that way...
Turning 17 on Wednesday, getting cake in tutor time on Thursday, nirthday party Saturday instead of work... what could be a better week?
Practically 17. =D So excited about Saturday, but not so excited about how much it will cost to hire a PS2 and Singstars.
I now semi-own a Playstation 2 slim! I also have Singstar mics and a memory card, now I all I need are some suggestions for games a beginner can play..? I quite like Crash and Spyro...
I had my hair dyed and straightened on Thursday. Now I REALLY want hair straighteners, but I have to wait until I've paid for my restricted test. Also, having washed my hair, I realise that my hair has quite a bit of cur//wave to it. Who knew?
Copy this into your status and see what people rate you. 1:Crazy. 2:I'd Marry You. 3:Talkative. 4:Sarcastic. 5:Lovable. 6:Clubhead. 7:Moody. 8:Dumb. 9: Spoiled. 10:Mouthy. 11:Random. 12:Hot. 13:Funny. 14:Fit. 15:Amazing. 16:Tough. 17:Cute. 18:Bf//Gf Type. 19:Player. 20:The Best. 21:Freak. 22:Quiet. 23:Sexy. 24: Adorable
I WILL BE COMPLETELY HONEST FOR 24 HOURS... You can ask me one question (only in my inbox). Any question, no matter how crazy, sinister or wrong it is. there is no ulterior motive, you have my full honesty, but I DARE you to put this text on your status and see what questions you get.
Paramore Ticket presale next weekend - anyone else getting tickets?
Going to get my restricted on the 7th of December. Should be fun!
Definitely wants more of those Cherry Blossom Trees in Farmtown. They're awesome!
I have more time on my hands - this means I have gone through 5 books in the last 5 days!
I just got emailed my Ezy-Ticket to Paramore! I don't want to wait three months to see them!
Can't wait for Thursday - I'm buying hair straighteners!
doesn't want to go to work in and hour and a half - if at all. Too bad I need the money...
Oh, and the 7th of January I'm going for my restricted license... again. Yay.
His body was found gored to death, as if by a wild animal.
I still think people that can't stack baskets properly are idiots.
Go to urbandictionary.com,  type your first name copy and paste this as your status and put the  first entry for your name as a comment:
I have been watching Star Trek for 3 weeks now. I think I have a problem.
Just bought an 8GB mP3//mP4 player. For &79.99. Damn awesome!
Ugh, leadership training. Why did I bother getting up this morning?
working from 7am til 3pm then who knows what i'll be doing
is thinking of possibly doing something interesting tonight depending on whatever it might be
working overnights this week
In my shoes, just to see, what it's like to be me, I'll be you, let's trade shoes Just to see what it'd be like to feel your pain, you feel mine, go inside each others minds Just to see what we'd find, look at shit through each others eyes
anxious to move and thinking too much
doing a double shift at work.
tgiff
enough with the rain already
a break and a lil bit of luck would be nice to have.
its gone
hoping its an easy day
Happy Gobble Gobble y'all
friday yet??
oh well, it doesnt want to work with me, ill post it some other time. guess its back to watching hockey on tv and maybe find something to do later on.
blah
don't feel like working today
ah crap, mondays always comes too fast,the week should start on tuesdays
go figure, trying to upload a pic and facebook won't work properly
yay snow
bored and watching the hockey game.
playing some guitar hero
finally done a freaking long 8 hour shift
holy freaking snow
off to work, plowing sidewalks.
merry  x-mas to all and lets all drink to good times
tis' the season to be jollyfa la la la la la la la latis' the season...to..be a nut case!! ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Happy New Year everyone, Cheers!
wishes 2009 would end so 2010 could start
doing freaking laundry, in and out of the apt.
COPY THIS INTO YOUR STATUS AND SEE WHAT PEOPLE RATE YOU!!!! 1=crazy, 2=i'd marry you, 3=talkative, 4=sarcastic, 5=i miss you, 6=club head, 7=moody, 8=dumb, 9=mouthy, 10=spoilt, 11=random, 12=hot, 13=funny, 14=fit, 15=amazing, 15=tough, 16=cute, 17=gf//bf type, 18=player, 19=i love you, 20=gorgeous, 21=the best, 22=cool
damn im tired, need sleep. must go to work, sleep after if possible
ah crap!! back to hell tonight!
it's freaking snowing,lol
WTF what happened to winter???
on the road again
1 to 2 weeks and im back on the road
if u can't drive in this kind of weather, my advice to you is: GET OFF THE F'N ROAD
tired as hell, 12 hr shift on a day off is simply nutz
Due to a total lack of interest Monday is cancelled!
[13 hours in vcpa today... it's going to be a long day..!]
[. . . dammit! just remembered that i still have stuff to finish for work . . . & how did it get to be 2am?? . . .]
"we go out in stormy weather · we rarely practice discern · we make love to some with sin · we seek out the taciturn · and that's the way we get by · the way we get by..."
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhh..!
~[no response IS a response... & as far as i'm concerned, it's the very worst one you could give someone...*sigh* oh well tho]~
[...so f@#$% happy right now..!!! never saw that coming, not in a million years...] :D  ;P  :)
~[booooooo..!]~
...[well i may have screwed up~yet again~but the nice people who keep watching my crash & burn routine (one semester after another) have apparently not lost patience or given up on me quite yet...]     ~i am truly grateful~
[...]
[...well, it may not have been pretty (for the most part), but at least it's OVER!...] goodbye, fall semester '09 ~ you kicked my ass  :|
~ [...my phone is being lame today...] ~
ready to not be freezing my a*s off in the vcpa lobby any more for today! ashley, i hope you bring a sweatshirt..!
guys who claim to like me, present & future:  [...quit telling me what you think i want to hear (especially if you have no intention of backing it up ~CONSISTENTLY~ through your actions)... & just start telling me how it TRULY is, dammit..! if in reality it's not enough, i have a right to know that, & you have no right to claim otherwise.]
.........................why can't i focus on writing my paper AT ALL??...........................
[people should just stick to treating eachother the way that they really feel about one another, even if that means giving up whatever they might gain from pretending to like someone they really don't, or having to deal with the temporary awkwardness of admitting that they made a mistake, or changed their mind... or whatever. just a thought.]
finally almost done in the vcpa! 54hrs since wednesday is enough!
"yeah! i mean, i'm discovering all this, too... as i'm saying it."
"No, I'm not going to leave you out here. If I do that, I'll probably get fired, and then I'll do something stupid, and then I'll go back to jail." ~coach mcguirk  [home movies is one of the best shows ever] :)
¡felíz año nuevo, mis amigos y mi familia!
"yeah, i know! i mean, i'm discovering all this, too---as i say it"  ~ coach mcguirk
charlatán, -tana n, mpl -tanes  1 : chatterbox
HAHAHA ~ love this!: "Please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who has been eaten by dragons. My wish for 2010 is that people will understand, that being eaten by dragons is not something to be ashamed of. Dragons are nearly unstoppable and are truly terrifying. 93% won't copy and paste this... They have been eaten by dragons."
"miss anna, you must remember, you have been a very difficult woman ~ much more difficult than is generality."  ~ the king (from the king & i)   i love this movie..! [normally can't stand musicals, too...]
