is stuck on Band-Aid brand, cuz Band-Aid's stuck on me!
Just going to grab some raw fish................
saw HP6... funny, lots of awesome awkward silences, but the scriptwriter needs to have his fingers broken. Not only did they achieve new and improved levels of editing important plot elements out, but they are getting increasingly more creative with the n
Need to re-learn my patterns again... awesome...
FREE SLURPEE DAY!!!
has GOT to stop waking up at 1pm...
is not feeling exactly top-notch...
will have too many notifications at the next log in...
First day of school done! finances are going to be the end of me...
is tired and for some reason is looking forward to classes starting...
2 months of hell yet again... FML
got to play with fire in front of a crowd... YAY!!!
is in love with Ren Fest...
3 DAYS!!!!!!!!!!!!!
What a great day!!!
loves the Pirate English version of Facebook!!!
has a choice...
2 DAYS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ren Fest with rain - Still good!!!
kindly thanks everyone who wished him a happy birthday!
finance class :(
GETS TO SLEEP TONIGHT!!!!!!!!!
3 HOURS LEFT!!!!!!!!!!
As much as I like our family's mechanic, I really wish we'd stop giving him so much business... :(
is dying!!! HEEEEELPPPPP!!!!!
Saturday was easily one of the best days of my entire LIFE!!!
feeling slightly better...
I've done it - i procrastinated enough by playing Bejeweled Blitz to cause it to go offline. MLIA
is potentially going to be pulling an all-nighter. feel free to txt to keep me entertained//awake...
:))))))))
finally caught up on sleep :D now off to rake more leaves and then lose sleep yet again while studying accounting - call me if ur bored, i'll be up late...
ATTENTION EVERYONE!!! Vote for the short "AFTER HOURS" to support *PROPNAME* - our local Michigan talent and a wonderful person. Repost please!!! http:////www.thirteen.org//sites//reel13//category//vote//
is looking forward to eating his body weight tomorrow :)
Yesterday after school, I got bored and decided to go into the backyard and play with my slingshot. I didn't have any ammo, so I just used peanuts and shot them at trees. I decided to shoot at one really far away. Out of nowhere, a squirrel leaped out of a tree, intercepted the peanut, landed on another tree, ate the peanut, gave me what looked like a thumbs-up, and ran away. Ninja squirrel, you amaze me. MLIA.
would love to sleep, but *PROPNAME* writes too damn well!!!
is rather looking forward to the holidays because of his potential whereabouts during that...
gets overly excited when pressing the wrong buttons on the keyboard causes the discovery of a new shortcut :)
considers himself to be one of the luckiest men EVER!!! ^_^
WOW!!! I just spent 20 minutes reading just this one strip... http:////xkcd.com//657//
can't handle reading any more crap about Barbies and other competing brand dolls!!! This is ridiculous - the only thing making me feel a little more manly is the beer in my hand...
acquired 6 brothers and sisters today...
4 school days left until winter break!!! YAY!!!
will probably be up all night - feel free to txt or chat...
LMAO: (512): you kept spraying the cat with water and then telling it to "man up" when it cried
listening to some VERY odd combinations of music and blames the late hour for it...
wishes it was December 17th sooner :(
cannot wait to pass out - too bad that's not gonna happen til friday night...
gonna be at the library til late, then at the Prez's house even later. txt or facebook if need anything - call if being killed...
well.... expected returns are like "oh, it's just you..." but unexpected returns are like "WHOA!!!"
can't believe how much food and beverages were consumed last night...
SNOW!!!
stupid people are stupid and Beverly Hills Police is at it's best as usual... ( *PROPNAME* needs to call me!!!)
EPIC:  Today while walking on campus I saw three people riding a motorized couch.  Random?  MLIA.
is excited for relaxing a little bit tonight :)
got home today. Up north was GREAT!!!
can't wait til thursday... <3
Happy New Year, Facebook denizens!!!
apparently the mysterious "*PROPNAME*", who allegedly works for my company decided to order more stuff for me from some office supply company. I'm supposed to get 4 more packages tomorrow... hmmmm.... i almost have enough to build an epic fort!!!
MLIG!!!
can't wait til thursday again... <3
being fancy is fun...
OMG!!! THE SUN IS TOOOO LOUD!!!!!!!!
second half of the day got snowed in - gonna take a nap and then be productive :)
just had the most amazing weekend: 3rd Dan test went well, everyone passed with flying colors. Valentine's day was spent well in the company of the best girlfriend in the world - *PROPNAME*. What more could I ask for? p.s. Thank you to everyone who could make it out to Novi to watch me test or to celebrate at the banquet afterward - it really means a lot to me.
just had the most amazing weekend: 3rd Dan test went well, everyone passed with flying colors. Valentine's day was spent well in the company of the best girlfriend in the world - *PROPNAME*. What more could I ask for?
Four day camping trip!!! Holy Crap! this is going to be fun...
How do i change my name??
things just got really complicated
Im back and sunburned bad... ill just have to live with it i guess.
bored to tears... well not literally but... im still bored!
Whats on MY mind........ well hopefully the top of my head.....
happy fourth everyone
is still doing nothing all summer
The first day of school was SSLOOOOOWW...... hopefuly it will get better as the year gos on
FOOTBALL!!!!! first scrimmage today! its gonna be awesome!!!
I think its fun to run circles around someone while they are running and even better if the get tired first!
I think its fun to run circles around someone while they are running... and its even better if they get tired first!
What can one do when one is bored?
Can't wait for fair bowl!
We won 35 to 34! Close but still a win!!!
Haha! You can't say im a bored person all the time..... i had a great weekend!
Im so boreded again.......
having fun at school....... hmmm....... nvm
its snowing this morning........                  is that supposed to happen??
Can't wait for friday! (football game)
liked the greenhand conference and enjoyed watching volleyball woop butt today.....
Im so bored!!!
is awesomely cool!!!
Homecoming was awesome! i loved getting that tackle!! i wanna play again.....
im so bored today..... im always bored... i dont know why... hmmm
How do I change my FACEBOOK user name
Cant wait for Friday!
there were some scary people today... *whispers (opposite sex day)*
What a great life i have... first my nose... now my fricken hand!
UGH! another game lost..... We need to work as a team!
Basketball is fun but we've lost two games and won two
lost another game... but Dang!! was it close
new status time... now what should i put... oh well
will be completely honest for the next 24 hours....you can ask me one question (only in my inbox)....any question no matter how crazy or wrong it is....but you can only ask me one question!!!! you will have my full honesty....but i dare you to put this as your status too and see what questions you get !!! :) x This should be interesting.
AH! i hate being sick..... now i have to go to school tomorrow..... (hate that to)
will be completely honest for the next 24 hours....you can ask me one question (only in my inbox)....any question no matter how crazy or wrong it is....but you can only ask me one question!!!! you will have my full honesty....but i dare you to put this as your status too and see what questions you get !!! :) x This should be interesting.
Dragons ignored human names when they didnt't like the bearer.
On her way to NOLA!
Studying is cramping my style...
Everyone should listen to Funhouse...best record I've heard in a long time!
Wishing the lovely *PROPNAME* a Happy Birthday!
Will be working for OCB two months from now! I cannot wait!
Cannot believe the court is allowing the press to publish photos of MJ's kids....
moving back to NOLA on the first...so little time
Wishing all of her friend the best of luck on the Louisian Bar Exam!
The Law Graduates Prayer: God...if it's not too much to ask... May I pass the bar?
Excited to see *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* tonight, run *PROPNAME*, and see the weight fall off my butt!
At Rue
Counting down the days till NOLA!
Had an awesome fourth of July
5 days, until I leave Waco FOREVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Finally going to get the car washed tomorrow!
Scared of PC III and the bar...
hopin and prayin
Cannot believe it is Wednesday already!
Never getting gas before work again...
Hoping to get out of her driveway.
Cannot wait to see *PROPNAME* today!
It's a hershey's day
WHO 'DAT!
Takes home more from her monthly salary then she realized!
GE = finally recovering...thank you jesus!
working
Gettin ready for tommorrow!
Getting her Bar application together...yes, it's that time of year again!
is going on a deposition, my first real one with OCB!
Most disgusting statistic I've ever heard: AVG NYC Model = 5'10, 110lbs....
Stuyding for the MPRE!
is a busy bee
Had a great time seeing everyone at OCB today!
Excited to see that every stock in her portfolio outperformed market expectations!
Torture= watching *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* stock the pantry 15 minutes after I decide to get serious about this diet...
icky feeling = gone. Back to prancing through the office with a smile, and my usual excessive energy//need for adventure!
a very happy girl!
Rain is ruining my plans...
best boss's lunch ever!
phone = dead; chat with me here
Apparently applied to law school at Depaul today...at least that's what they tell me...
Only 9 more pounds... why won't they go away?
In our personal and professional lives, we are constantly hit with one adversity after the other, most of which we have no control over. But the four things we have total control over is how we react, how we adapt, how we breathe and how we take action.
The only people who are more entertaining then rappers are wannabe rappers. (See *PROPNAME*)
***Attention-Houston area ANIMAL LOVERS! Montgomery County Animal Shelter is closing tomorrow. You can adopt for free tomorrow between 12-4. They will be euthanizing all animals without a home!!! Go & save a life!! 30 cats and 80 dogs left. Please re-post.***
Is looking to join junior league of New Orleans, anybody know who to contact?
Thanking everyone for all the birthday love. Now, how 'bout them saints!? I am in need of a place//people to watch with tonight... any takers?
Exact words when renewing DL: Me: Oh no, you can't take my license, It's my 25th b-day. How am I going to get into the bar? DMV: We gonna give you a new one over there Me: But, it won't have my picture and stuff on it.  Dmv:  Hold up, we can take a picture of your picture and put it on a license i think. (yelling at co-worker to see if this can be done) Yup! Me: So, I can go to the bar?! Dmv: (sigh) Yeah girl!
is believing the best in others, because the Dove candy wrapper says so, betch!
Anyone know a good place for me to kennel my dog for thanksgiving// willing to dogsit?
Congratulations to all of my friends, especially *PROPNAME*, who passed the Lousiana bar, and for those of you who didn't, I'll be taking Barbri this february...so we can study together like old times!
Thanksgiving!
Rather enjoying her last day as a 24 year old
Enjoying this beautiful Sunday in Audubon park!
Swearing in!
Studying for the bar, please pray for me
bar...
Cheese fries!
Happy Thanksgiving!
Getting ready for NYC
Happy New Year!
Studying for the bar, less then 1 month!
Must find time to go XMAS Shopping...ahhh!
white
Apt = clean.  Now, coffee and Barbri!
Q: Will *PROPNAME* be going to Miami to watch the saints win the superbowl?  A: No, No she will not, she will be parked in her room studying for the bar exam...who's idea was it to move the test up two weeks?  hmmm....hmmmm... fml :(
Seems to be attracting incompetence today...
Going to *PROPNAME* to take down the LA bar and hoping she doesn't become a bad statistic!
Who 'dat!
Geaux Saints!
wishes teachers only day would last da rest of da week... mayb evn da rest of da year
is totally xcited for da ball 2moz yay!!!!! :D
only 2 more days!!!!!!
does not think its fair we have 2 go back 2 school n friday!
as of yesterday i am officially out of the moon boot!!!!
i hate winter its so frikin cold!!!!!!!!
cnt sleep
its fun 2 lock younger siblings outside wen it cold nd dark... especially wen dey bein anoyin
TRAGEDY!!!!!!!!!!! haha shame laura ive claimed in frnt of evry1!!!!
i love weekends! <3
Barley sugars taste goOd!!!!!!!
chocolate cake smells goOd!!!!!
the harry potter movies jsut continue 2 disappoint me nd yet i neva learn :P
does not know if her english essay is due 2moz or monday...
allen's mackintosh toffee de luxe coconut lollies r goOd!!!!!!!!! <3
has epically failed her english exam nd is epically even a word?
is bored and shud be studying sumting...
loves the sun!!!!! <3
qatapponescons!!!!!!!!
nutella on a spoon tastes gud especially at 1 in da mornin :P
lolz putting ur language on pirate is fun :D
is glad the computer is working again!!!! :D
physics is gay!!!!!
AHHHH!!!! my poor shins :(
im countin down da days till friday!!!!
is bored...
wow glow sticks r soO funky!!!!!
mock exams r makin me insomniatic dat is soO not kool!
mMmMm!!!!! wheatens taste goOd!!!!!! :P
does not enjoy the idea of writing an essay at all :(
is worried about not being able to write an essay on katherine mansfield short stories this friday :s
only one more exam and den im FREE!!!!!!!!...until november...
being sick is not enjoyable...seriously
is glad 2moz is friday
MMMMMMMMM!!!!!!! strawberries and chocolate cake tastes soO goOd!!!!!!!!
IM FREEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!! YAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
YAY!!!!!!!!! SARAH GOING 2 SKOOL NEXT YEAR!!!!!!!!!!! SPONTANEOUS EXCITEMENT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D
OMFG!!! hus clever idea was it 2 snd our year books in da mail caws myne is freakin ripped in half becaws of da rain i mean seriously da old system was fine!!!!!!!!!!!!!! if it not bloody broken den dnt fix it!!!!!!! stupid bastard >:(
AHHHHHHH!!!!!!! exam 2moz!!!!!! :O
mMmMm!!!!! nutella on a spoon!
can't wait to live at the lake!!! :D
has officially deleted her bebo page
is planning to kill james patterson if he decides 2 kill fang in da next maximum ride book >:|
MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYONE!!!!!!! i hope you all have a wonderful day :D <3
is having fun on mystery google lolz :D
yay!!!! its almost christmas :D
wow it's been like a whole year already soO freaky well n e ways happy new years eve!!!!
i hate younger brothers...
the spiders are revolting!!!!!!!!
yay for chocolate ice cream!!!!!!
we want a SHRUBBERY!!!!
YAY!!!! i pased wid M =D
happy christmas eve!!!!! :D
HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!!!!!! i love the sound of fireworks :D
white with black polka dots and pink
yay!! im finally goin 2 c avatar :D
NYC on 8//18!!!!!!!!
My skull is way too sexy with his rabbit ears. His name is *PROPNAME* and was named after *PROPNAME* on Grey's Anatomy.
is very happy with her very first scrubs!!! :D
cooking ?? + ????! >?<
only has $6.78 in her bank account. should I sell my skull?
insomnia. help me! (vodka?)
everything isn't always perfect.
today was a failure. impression was bad. exit quiz was bad. everyone, hand me over your vodka.
I wish we don't have our damn necks.
is affraid of not getting married before she turns 35.
is up all night for no reason..
Dear Chicago, what should I do when I miss you so much? :'(
pulling sequential allnighters + having 2am McDonalds + no time for skin care make-ups + can't stop coughing = a sad fat female zombie-like human being named Soo.
got crazy studying for the midterm.
had gummy worms for snack and thought of arteries and veins. oh my freaking god.
someone get me a ticket to chicago please and i'll love you forever and ever and ever.
is coughing like an old lady a day before her death.
is a happy human being :D
is living life fully.
First Snow in the City and I was out in the snow~!!! .........alone.
Is AT&T really that bad in NY? sprint vs. at&t if not getting verizon? :$
is sick.. again.... :'(
i feel like the only reason i'm here is to develop my test taking skills.
insomnia help...! tips anyone?
Thanksgiving in 2 days but I'm more excited about Christmas already! >< ? ............. damn it....
time to explore some fancy restaurants in the city. yumyum + my mom's $$$$$$$.
1 down. 17 more to go then we finally get to sleep more than 4 hours a day.
is in love with veniero's pastry <3 <3 muah muah
partay. for few hours.
O... M.... G.......!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
got old within last few days and will probably get deteriorated by the end of final exams.
someone motivate me to study plz...
1st semester as a D1 is OFFICIALLY DONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
will work out at least 3 times a week !!!
is :D !
i need to grow up.
I <3 MY LIFE.
I LOVE ANATOMY VERY MUCH
dear weekly quiz, r u F kidding me?
Err:510
butterflies in my stomach :$
chicago for spring break in early march? should i?
i don't feel like studying this semester AT ALL.
wants to learn how to make French macaroons
is turning into a hermit
is back in the left coast
gets to play asian nanny today!
J'ai ne sais pas
needs sleep...in Baltimore
is in love with the Lincoln Memorial...<3
is looking at old travel pictures...uh oh...
is re-evaluating...again
is cooking chicken adobo tonight!
wants to join the circus or pack parachutes
anyone want to sublease my pretty North Beach studio so I can spend the rest of my life traveling?
has bangs
s landlord brought someone to do work on my apartment and he totally recognized my place from tv...lol, I guess that's more of my 15 minutes...<3
might have to trade in bastille day celebrations for a nice quiet night in my apartment...if anyone wants to hang tonight let me know.
would rather have too many dreams and reach half of them then not enough dreams to reach for.
wonders if it's a better idea to stay home and not celebrate Hemingway's birthday with free absinthe drinks since I think I'm getting sick :(
has the Camino De Santiago on my mind again...the effects of receiving emails from my Spaniard friends.
is a sucker for academics
is sad the wood furniture making class is full...small business, voice, and either beginning principles of fashion design or beginning theatre?
stupid t-mobile commercial being filmed in SF today...totally reminding me how much I miss jumping out of planes.
wants to take a trip through Tunisia, Egypt, Greece, Turkey, Lebanon, Israel, Jordan, Bhutan, Kazakhstan, Xinjiang (China), Mongolia, and end up in Shanghai to see old friends and maybe throw in Hainan for some beachy fun...ok magic travel fairy do your t
Il est difficle de vaincre ses passions, et impossible de les satisfaire.
is becoming sentimental as I work on the notes for my novel..."if you're friends with __ you must either be gorgeous or brilliant and from our conversation I must say it's both."
really wants to take French and Arabic but then I really won't have any free time in the fall
*PROPNAME* of all trades, master of none, though oft times better than master of one!
starting to feel like my old self again
<3's united's frequent flyer miles sale...I have enough miles to fly anywhere except Australia...hmm, where to go?
"runs like a girl, but she runs fast" -thanks Jo :P
I think I'm addicted to buying Chinese stocks...time to look for domestic investments again?
kind of likes getting up early and getting more done in my morning than I would otherwise
turns out I actually am allergic to my work
wonders what can go wrong?
just made vegan cayenne cupcakes filled with salted caramel sauce and drizzled with lavender icing...from scratch!
wants to watch *PROPNAME* & *PROPNAME* minus the *PROPNAME* portion...what a way to satisfy both the francophile and foodie in me
is excited for the newest movie adaptation of Brave New World!  <3 *PROPNAME*
À coeur vaillant rien d'impossible.
is drunk, thnak god for summer fridays at work
wishes I had a professional kitchen to play in
wishes someone else would take my next profile picture, I feel they're all looking the same now.
You do not merely want to be considered just the best of the best. You want to be considered the only ones who do what you do
wonders how people can be so retarded...either that or I'm just feeling bitchy today
adores my watercolor pencils <3
wishes I was in Spain, this would totally be siesta time
had the yummiest dinner at The House <3
can't keep having Sundays like yesterday...
can't wait to try Commis
went on a 5 hour trek from my apartment in North Beach along the water front, over the Golden Gate Bridge to Marin and back again...needless to say I'm resting tonight
loves how life is fun but oh so drama free. :D
spent all weekend looking for flats but ended up buying three pairs of hot looking heels...I really, really tried this time :(
wonders why Spain keeps calling to me...
needs a new hobby
loving my lunch from carte415
has nightmares about badly made cupcakes
what's with backhanded compliments...twice in one day I was called a diamond in the rough
is flattered
taking this from my brother's status:  If a con is the opposite of pro... does that make congress the opposite of progress?
has travel on my mind
always loves seeing *PROPNAME*!  That girl is getting feisty :)
had a dream last night that I was opening up a shop and booking a last minute trip to shanghai
just booked tickets to New York October 29th thru Nov 3rd, who wants to join me for Halloween in NYC?
wants to make dairy free treats for all my lactose intolerant friends. =)
has been accepted into the cupcake contest for my Bombay Elvis cupcake...oh it's on!
what fun, I ran into an old college friend at my fashion design class!
misses being naive...now I'm jaded and waiting for something to excite me
can't wait to watch, "Coco Before Chanel"
needs a change
over today...should have gone to pastry school after deciding law school wasn't for me
wo ying gai zai xue zhong wen.
can't sleep, feeling creative
*PROPNAME* Race for the Cure
just wants to bake yummy treats, write, learn languages, travel, organize philanthropical events, and debate philosophy over bottles of wine...that is my ideal life.
is tempted to skip my voice class today, go home, and make myself some udon or soon tofu stew
wonders how I keep getting convinced to make cupcakes...making mini vegan version of my bombay elvis cupcakes and trying out a mini red velvet and cream cheese with cabernet some how mixed in...I'll figure it out
no matter how long I've been out of high school I'll always fall victim to the Mission "curse"
had the most surreal day Saturday
just realized, the longer I'm made to wait, the less I want it.
is wondering what is up with all these migraines all of a sudden. :(
made my bombay elvis cupcakes(chocolate curry and banana cupcakes with peanut butter frosting) and chocolate bacon cupcakes
is having yummy food tomorrow instead of voice class...I'll probably pay for this once midterm recitals come around...
is making things happen!
is trying to figure out what song to sing for my final
used to darken my freckles with brown eyeliner when I was in high school
is so fickle
is thinking a trip to Shanghai is long over due...lil' Shanghai is all growns up since I left it!
13.1 miles, it's on!
absolutely adores life :D
sometimes dreams do come true *fingers crossed*
swim then sauna...that's what I call cross training
thinks everyone should have goals...just don't judge me for mine ;)
bleed through my running shoe...
ran, did hill work, yoga, juiced, made an egg white and spinach omelette, and payed my bills...love getting so much done before work :)
<3's all the lovely, positive people in my life
running in the rain then making my "red wine and cheese pairing" cupcake and working on a business outline
wonders what's causing my recent insomnia...
misses my girl crush...she's just coolness personified
just needs to keep reminding myself it's only for one more month...I so need a relaxing run tonight
is tempted to just disappear into the mountains of Tibet for a while...
gets super happy every time I hear my favorite Christmas song :D
what a day!
is trying to figure out my next travel plans...where, with who, how long, when, etc
is hoping someone has a red dress I can borrow for wednesday
in Baltimore until Thursday.
is just that good...
is creeped out...the owner of a new restaurant by my office offered me lunch and then followed me into Walgreens while I was running errands.
is going to miss my coworkers....drinks tomorrow, 5:30 at 5A5, then karaoke tbd
is excited to have convinced just about everyone in the office to go to happy hour tonight!
wonders why my coworkers always want to drink on my running days...
s Tuesday sucked...but Wednesday is another day.
s coworkers make me laugh soooooo much <3 :D
<3's my friends
wonders why boys never talk to me
is switching back to my 510 phone number and dropping the 415, send me a note if you don't have the number.
gets to play Asian nanny today!!
is looking forward to the weekend
m-u-s-t stop looking at maps...
kids running the office and Santa singing songs...oh it must be close to Christmas!
can't sleep, clowns will eat me (points to anyone who knows the reference)
Merry Christmas my loves!
Delam barat tang shode
is finishing up my last day at work...I'm going to miss my lil' SF AOL family
Tell             me and I'll forget,            show me and I may remember, involve me and I will understand. -- Confucius
has started 2010 very Asian...Hong Kong hair salon, milk tea, and pop corn chicken...love
lunch, STAR Holiday party, UPenn Holiday party, Churchkey Holiday party....oh Thursday, you will kill me
is excited for an old fashion cocktail party tonight, time to pull out my old fave, vodka gimlets, throw on some pearls and channel *PROPNAME* to go with the short hair.
needs a massage and s.l.e.e.p.
is home, but can't relax yet...I swear I'm more busy now than when I was working
running, photo shoot, playing Asian Nanny!
believe in yourself and life and consequently life will believe in you.
you only live once
this whole not really traveling in January was the worst idea ever
opened up a bottle of cava because I wanted a mimosa with my dinner...now I just realized I kind of have to finish the bottle myself...uh oh
is traumatized
can only take so much shopping, drinking, going out to dinners, hanging out,playing with babies, and flying to random cities...hurry up half marathon, as soon as you're over I get to do some real travel...
had everything go wrong for dinner tonight but ended up exactly where I needed to be for yet another job prospect even though I wasn't looking for one.
Live as if you will die tomorrow.  Learn as if you will live forever. http:////www.ted.com//talks//ben_dunlap_talks_about_a_passionate_life.html
died a little bit inside turning down an overland trip from Istanbul to Cairo :....(
is a lady of leisure...
La critique est aisée, mais l'art est difficile.
just turned down a series of paid ads for 944 and a Motocross ad all because I won't be around for February...lol, but what a nice ego boost
running and ramen...what an awesome Tuesday night!
is super stoked to be THAT much closer to getting to volunteer at one of my fave nonprofits in SF!!!!!
yay family day...but it's not even my family
come out to support Haiti tonight either at the Starlight Room or the Independent
rain, tea, and jazz...sounds like a perfect night for writing :)
is enjoying (f)unemployment to the fullest
should really sleep
is wondering if I have enough room in my passport for this trip...do I have enough time to get pages added?
ok I can either spend a day in D.C. 2//17 or stay overnight in LA 2//16...thoughts?
can't wait to see what lectures come out of TED2010 !!
dear life..you rock...love *PROPNAME* dear *PROPNAME*...stop spending me...love your bank account
Go to urbandictionary.com and look up your first name using their search engine. Copy this in your status and what Urban Dictionary says about your name in the first comment.
got past the biggest hurdle...the trip is on!
loves all my friends, they care if my drunk ass gets home <3
wonders, if we only surround ourselves with good people does that mean we lose the opportunity to understand the negative?
is getting nervous for my first half marathon tomorrow
alright doppleganger, I used to get the most random ones...but I think *PROPNAME* was the only one that made some sense.
<3's my purple tights and movie night :)
is having an off day...C'est la vie...tomorrow is another day :)
really?!
Dear Sunday, you rocked,  love *PROPNAME* :)
earned another freckle or two from running the *PROPNAME* Marathon today!!
Qu'est-ce qu'il y a ?
just booked the rest of my flights!!!  Hellllooooo adventure!!
, if you're going to get sick, do it now...you have exactly one week to recover...
is starting to wonder if I enjoy life TOO much...<3 my friends!!
is *PROPNAME*
has been watching a ton of disney movies instead of getting anything done...on that note, Aladdin is still my favorite in terms of songs and I <3 how all the female characters are so headstrong
packing, packing, packing...trying to fit everything for a month long trip into a tiny carry-on...can I do it?
today: relaxation by the bay, tomorrow: a trip to Jordan for Petra and the Dead Sea...
playing catch up but failing miserably...how come I'm always busier when I'm not working?
sometimes I can't believe this is my life :)...tomorrow I'm exploring my neighborhood, North Beach, anyone want to join me for breakfast at Mama's at Washington Square Park?
has finished cleaning the kitchen! That's the second one this week!
FINISHED!! :D
has 1 essay left to write! and one to read through and amend where necessary! Then it is all gedonen!
really can't be bothered with his last essay...
thinks the Indians might be taking the humble food fight a little too seriously... http:////news.bbc.co.uk//1//hi//world//south_asia//8119591.stm
is excited about going to Sark! as, whilst he hasn't worked out exactly how long he has to wait, he knows he will be going soon!
has just been stung by a bee and is in great discomfort
"twist it, shake it, shake it, shake it, shake it, baby.."
IS WORKING AWAY LIKE A WORKER ANT (PROVERBS 30:24-25) AND HAS THE CAPS LOCK ON!
is regretting eating so much chocolate as he is feeling a tad ill...
is missing *PROPNAME*
used every piece of loo roll from one roll (obviously not in one sitting) for the first time ever!
has finished
just went on a 4 mile run and even though he walked a very little bit of it he is very pleased with himself!
Whoops... bought myself everything I needed for a cooked breakfast tomorrow morning but accidently ate it for lunch... :s
had a cooked breakfast this morning! mmm!
is making soup!
is alive!
knows that a burning smell isn't the best sign of good cooking and is thus going to turn the heat down
is happy because he saw a lot of friends from Stafford on Saturday night and made a big bonfire!
thinks it is very cold to go out in shorts and t-shirt but is going running anyway!
The Soup: The Verdict Type: Vegetable Appearance: Fantastic Texture: Good Taste: Poor Overall: Edible but not pleasant Summary: This is a great soup for looking at, it is full of colour, healthy vegetables and creaminess! If you are not hungry make this soup and you will feel good! However, if eating is your thing, this soup should be avoided. I have soup left for 3 meals - any takers? Only p&p to pay! Enjoy!
found that you can tell roughly where you are on the canal by the accents of the people who say hello!
has just attended his first parish council meeting!
regrets that he might have to dispose of his pumpkin (*PROPNAME*) as he is becoming a little furry and wonders if giving him a quick shave might do the job
is now a graduate
has a huge pile of washing!
Why doesn't social interview ask me any questions... I feel very left out. :(
hasn't been outside yet today but is now going to post a letter to one lucky recipient!
Is it just me or does anyone else feel in the mood for an ABBA sing along session?
is missing Katie
realised at around 5 last night that he had nothing to offer to trick-or-treaters so he made toffee... but then nobody came.
is soon to become a member of the con club!! Whoop!
no longer has a huge pile of washing
doesn't know where anyone is!
What a busy morning! We had a plumber, the cleaner a dog walker and the gardener all around all at same time!
is wondering how much tiffin cake he needs to eat to get one of his five a day fruit portions
thinks 3D glasses make the world a little bit more fun!
Last night I went to a conference where the police were asking us to pray for them. Lets pray for the police and our communities. God moves when his people pray.
apologises if he appears to be shouting or talking very loudly to people at the moment. He's getting used to talking to someone who is hard of hearing but keeps forgetting to talk normally to other people.
wants to know if anyone has borrowed an elf costume off him
is talking to *PROPNAME* :D
is off to practice being a shepherd
has been put on hold but is enjoying (dancing to) the music! :D
is moving yet more wood!
Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay Snooooooooooooooow!
may have just slipped over on the ice but thinks he got away with it by making it look like he was break dancing...
is heading home for Christmas!
may have eaten a few too many sweets today...
is fighting to make it to the table football semis
finds it highly amusing that we are currently bringing the milk inside to warm it up in the fridge!
is about to start wrapping Christmas presents!
is no longer talking to *PROPNAME* - but not in a bad way. Just because it is impractical and expensive to talk on the phone continuously and because we both needed to do things.
Writing, then 2 chapters homework, then bed. Or just Loveline ?
My mind is so confusing, it's scary.
I just....I can't do this without family...friends. Anybody ?
Getting together map, snacks, music, and up-all-night accessories for Hollywood. Will starting driving at 4 am.
Loveline, pills, and a kitty. Best combo ever. night.
Fucking hell, grrrr....
Gah, head's pounding. I wish I wasn't in so much pain. It makes the pills that much more tempting...
Okay, so what are the different plans for Friday night in LA ? There's *PROPNAME*...?
Some people say pain can be controlled by the mind. I do not agree with these people. It doesn't mean I don't admire them though.
Doctors seem to want me to sit out. In a wheelchair...no fucking way. I'd rather walk down the street with tears streaming, than be benched....which, unfortunately, is not too far off.
Well anyway, fuck it. I'm gonna die young but happy. Rather than healthy and old.
Gonna be 83 degree today ! Coffee, sunshine, and sweet email from a friend. Day started with love, is continuing, and will end in love.
Home...finally. Sooooo tired...gonna get a couple hours before work starts up again.
Alright, recharged as it were. If this is a night of no dark dreams; you are a miracle worker too.
Easy to read; I like that !
Sleeeeeeeeeep......
I find I'm enjoying tiny poetry.  Such as: Rain- My ears hear a drip, drop, splash It's more of a scream, laugh, live And you make it so hard not to be cliche. You pile on my dreams,  Like power lines on a sky. Is it raining where you are ?
Not tired, must sleep. Long week ahead, and no weekend. Friday is no longer a day off. Sore all over, but I asked for it. Cig, Loveline, sleep...smile, love, remember.
Today was a much needed day off !! Back to a fake smile tomorrow, but rejuvinated by friends tonight.
It's moments like this that I wish I worked for Walmart. I hate rape. I'm no good at counseling "victims". Especially when it's a parental perpetrator. Why is this the way of the world ? Why is it reality ?
Blah ! Work lots, need money. Not worth it really. I'm loosing the happiness !!
Sore throat starting out. Tempted to gargle vodka, but must get some work done.
Frustrated beyond all hell, blog isn't helping.
"I've been high, and I've been down, my head in the clouds and my hands on the ground. "
I think I would be dead without my heating pad. I am completely serious.
I don't know where my mind is in this moment. It's so fleeting; emotion. I'm so tired, but I can't sleep. And like *PROPNAME* says, a shotgun just leaves a messed up wall.  Ah well. Random thoughts. Better go to bed before that crap goes deeper.
Gah, headache. Okay my body's failing me; I'm going to put off work 'til tomorrow and take care of myself now. Ice cream, giant sweater, warm bed...I'm comin'.
Okay, people, seriously..."lol" is so blood annoying when you use it on every line.
Fuck. Okay, file another tragic story in a box of my mind to be dealt with when I no longer have a heart. Wonder how much longer it'll take...not too long now.
Okay, I'm no good at positivity right now. That's my work "hat". So sue me.
Ah coffee....makes the world go 'round.
I feel emptied out; please rain down on me...darkness and light, come fill me up.
Okay, must sleep. Must work in mere hours...ah who am I kidding ? I don't sleep. Or eat. Just smoke...and work. And love.
Got the new iPhone 3GS. Don't ask how, I won't tell you. But thank you.
"I like my chicken fried, a cold beer on a friday night, a pair of jeans that fit just right, and the radio up !"
QTD: "'Flower' usually refers to a vulva in general, not virginity or 'cherry popping' as the kids would say." Hahahaha
"Little red bird under a chair, waiting for the crumbs to fall. Daddy said, 'Get a job'. Well don't you see, Daddy, how good I am at catching crumbs ?"
Aggrevated that I let someone else take me from really happy to hurt and depressed. It's on me to change my reaction to be one of Loveful Me.
I need to be asleep. I get up in....5 hrs ? No idea really. What am I doing again ?
"For a moment I love everything I see and think and feel..."
"Walking by the river I...reach my hands to cup the sky. It runs down my arms...a bitter blue. Turn to red, and the gashes grew." God, this song...every word is raw and honest.
I am what I make of myself. I am Love. I am.
I wish I was in NYC and seeing *PROPNAME* tomorrow night....
I need to go back to my live food diet. Not 90% like before, but I bet I could do 75% without losing too much weight..
It's ugly here. But there are sparks...moments. Love.
I guess it all depends on your mood...why can't these meds be any damn good ?
"I believe in love. It's just my heart that keeps turning me down. I believe in love, I think it's just fine."
I always want the blog to be the magical valve. Turn it on, write, be healed. It never is though. And now I still hurt, I just feel more raw now. As long as I stay with the emotion and don't deny...I'll be alright.
Fucking musicians. Fuck musicians...
<3
Now that I'm done writing, I need food...hmmm....
I did that shit with spasms, AND after 8 shots of espresso today. WHO DA MAN ?? Beauty school, here I come...right after this next Criminal Minds. <3
I have to find the superhero I use to be. I can't bring myself to believe it was just the Love of a silly boy that did it.
(Breast cancer awareness question - what colour bra are you wearing ?) No colour. I'm not a fan of bras lately. But this is a stupid FB idea. It doesn't really raise awareness unless you also say what the hell it's about !  Stupid, stupid.
My most awesome friend just surprise-attacked me with a present of a dark chocolate bacon bar...drool. Best. Moment. Ever.
Again, my company and night are ruined by some physical ailment of mine. I am fucking tired of it.
Wow, fresh air. Crazy. Good day sunshine, you're my favourite star.
Okay, sleep. Dreaming of bacon and dark chocolate. mmmm....
To be something I am not...that is what I'll be when I grow up. God, it'll be stunning.
Okay. Maybe not sleep.
Pain is a bitch.
Got called in to work tomorrow. At least I don't have to run groups. Bed early tonight.
Wow been a tiring and painful day. Gonna set up a movie and try to relax. Love to all of my beautiful friends and family for the support and awesomeness of who they are. And a high five to my Surgeon who is THE man and gives me hope of having a less painful life. <3 you all. You make me happy, yes YOU.
My most Awesome Surgeon says I can try walking today and if all goes well, I can work tomorrow !! YAY !! I'm gonna need the money if I wanna try and quit this job to focus on my other jobs//opportunities. Wish me luck on the walking ! I'll report back.
Just ate a nice happy cow filet with red wine reduction. Wish my feet weren't throbbing so I could really cook !! Tomorrow we shall throw down...my 12-in skillet and me.
Having surgery today. I can't wait to be in hospital. I'm not a big fan of surgery. But hospitals feel like home to me. Calming in the chaos.
Reading an amazing book called Stranger in a Strange Land. Now I'm listening to Loveline and trying to rest for the god-aweful full day tomorrow.
Off to a training, not back til Sunday. So tired. So in pain. Starbucks will make it all better, I know it !
Last day at work. I caught myself laughing at something horrific last night. Laughter is how I cope, but...I can't wait to laugh at happy things again.
I have no water right now. WHY
Ecco la marcia ...la marcia marcia arcia cia a...
just watched Der Rosenkavalier for the first time OH MY GOD
*PROPNAME*... D: *PROPNAME* too?
ITURBI
*PROPNAME*, it's like you aimed just left of funny.
saw Corialanus at the Globe today. Now where's Dido?
anyone know of a good recording of L'elisir D'amore? Everything I've listened to so far has been sort of crap crap crap UNA FURTIVA LAGRIMA crap crap crap crap crap. I know it's the hit song but god is there a recording that's good as a whole unit anywher
Finished Steppenwolf. Not for everybody.
just watched *PROPNAME* as *PROPNAME*, something that has forced me to revise my previous low opinion of him. It was great! Right up there with Philip Langridge and *PROPNAME*, which I understand is weird to say seeing as he came first of all. But sti
1. On campus housing TOO EXPENSIVE. 2. There is no fat or sugar in this house how is life possible. 3. So many stupid looking dogs SO MANY STUPID LOOKING DOGS
oh huh, this is 4th of July weekend coming up? Probably not the best time to try coming up...
"*PROPNAME* Teaches Trying?" *PROPNAME*, sometimes in your ceaseless effort to provide a slightly more depressing take on various topics, you come up with a bit of a stretch.
Hi Chicago, what's up
just saw Thirst. It was dark when I got out, and I was by myself, so I jogged part of the way home. Hell if I know why...scary wouldn't really be the word for that movie I don't think...
well that didn't work
Oh right, there is a diction exam tomorrow. Huh.
*PROPNAME* more convincing as the king than *PROPNAME*? Wow... I mean he's good and all, but I sure know one source of reviews to ignore now
Wow, *PROPNAME* was very small.
Hahahha Mad Men. "You can't sing." "Take that back...I quit the Tigertones because I had mono." "I am so high right now." hahaahaha
after months of failure, I am going to try to come up to LA for a day before everybody disappears. I'm thinking this Friday?
Novelists sure don't like the suburbs
Dead Like Me is such a fun concept executed so...disappointingly.
yes yes what a fun thing....
is gonna be eating various kinds of wraps for every meal for a while now.
Refrigerator: "Drrrrrr" Lights: "Flicker..."
Okay, songs for bass//low baritone and orchestra: Songs and Dances of Death The Vagabond Le Bal Masque Old American Songs Ich Habe Genug The Ravel and Ibert Don Quixote cycles then all those Mozart concert arias what else?
My first thought was "wow, everybody is having birthdays at once...what a coincidence!" Then I remembered all of those profiles we made for Threepenny...
wishes people could just agree on one perfect technique and have done with it!
slept so much last night
WOAH, tough day! GO GO GO REGROUP DOMINATE AHHHHH
It's surprising how much better *PROPNAME* makes everything
In The Loop on Opera: “It's just vowels, subsidized foreign f***ing vowels.” Hahahahaha
Hmm...it might finally be time to get a coat.
feels pretty ooky, but is going to try to power through and sing in everything tomorrow anyway. Good idea? Let's watch!
Every time I log in to something and I see one of those checkboxes next to the words "Remember Me," I can't help but think - ever so briefly - "but ahhhhh, for-r-ge-et my faaate."
No more student tickets for opening night at the lyric opera! Hmm... How unmissable is tomorrow going to be? I'm thinking I may go anyway.
Wow, major insomnia attack. Might be a nocturnal weekend.
stupid light vegetable and noodle soup you are the worst soup have you not heard of flavor i bet you've never even heard of the gym
hmm how far is it reasonable to go to get a hard to find arrangement that you really want?
"What's on your mind?" summer programmmms
glerc blech hack hakk kkrrr
ugg calling in sick is a surprising amount of work
it's a bird, it's a plane, it's a BIRDPLANE
god I can't even look at nfcs. confused enough as it is!
oh my god rice cookers are incredible
"The eternal passion stretches me apart" ---> "The eternal puhsshuun stroechuuz muh apoooooohh!" Music by *PROPNAME*. Revisions brought to you by the letter F.
*PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* are doing Dr. *PROPNAME*'s *PROPNAME* Songs? eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!
Does anyone else spend waaay too much time worrying about what aria to start an audition with? Or is it an irrelevant point and I'm just stupid? Grrrrrr
Was just blown away by a Schumann symphony...what? I don't know what to believe anymore...
oww my back...today i'm like 70 or something
just lost an hour to scramble when he should have been packing. How are people getting such high scores? Ahhhh
so happy! dum duh duh DA dadadada dm dm dm dm
Haha the *PROPNAME* montage where he's talking about how he's a great leader and a really nice person and they're juxtaposing it with all these clips of him being a jerk... so perfect! He's still one of the guys I'm rooting for though.
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh go go go go go
is on a SERIOUS hans hotter kick right now...recovery is uncertain...
[h?-lo? ?-v??-ba-di hau a? ju]
It's pretty amazing how many hours are required to organize a presentation that is going to last no more than twenty minutes. This would be so much simpler if I could just call Haydn as a witness.
I finally went grocery shopping. Picked up a small piece of raclette, not knowing what it was, because I wanted something to put on crackers. Turns out it is supposed to be melted over a flame or special grill and then immediately scraped onto some kind of bread. Whyyyy did I get such a difficult cheese? Will just putting it right on a pan or toasting it somehow work? I guess we'll see!
Streeterville? Wrigleyville? Printer's Row? What is this
just ate a ton of sugar woaaahhh... Explain to me again why I'm not ripped?
hungry and got no food but it is cold out so I don't want to go out to get it! Instead I plan to put Safety Dance on repeat. yes yes i will be fed by the power of dance in a strange medieval town
realized today he had no idea what was in eggnog, and looked it up, secretly expecting to find that it was made from something horrible. It is actually made of far more wonderful ingredients than I ever could have imagined!
was a huge baby when he had his wisdom teeth out a few years ago. Just splayed out on the couch whining constantly. His sister, however, had them out today and treated it like it was nothing!
Airplane time soon, it's a vehicle that flies, but that's not important right now. Hahahahahah...hahah...
Reading Rainbow was cancelled? Noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
Time to get my final wisdom tooth out :(
Why is there rain everywhere???
passed all three of his entrance exams for theory and history yessss
Visiting LA on Tuesday!
After the competition, went to the zoo. THE ZOO. Talked to THE ANIMALS. "Oh my God, look at you! You are tiny! HAHA you are a FROG! Oh wow high five frog."
was PERFECTLY noctural today. My sleep schedule is the worst it has ever been ever! Ugggggggggg...
Hooo...this semester...am I right guys? Wild!
Wow, *PROPNAME*...I've never heard anything quite like that in person! My search for similar sounds has led me to *PROPNAME*, so very productive post-concert internet session. SO COOL
I just dreamed the mob kidnapped me and was forcing me to host a toothpaste infomercial. The draw for the toothpaste is that it was used by athletes in the Olympics. I kept getting all the names and locations wrong because nobody told me what they were. A burly guy in a suit was getting pretty upset cause we were stopping so much. He was on the roof for some reason. The set looked suspiciously like my backyard. Huh.
cooked with shiitake mushrooms for the first time today. they're so smelly!
oh my god House! =D
Where The Wild Things Are looks soooo good!
Terrorist-underprivilegeds bombed three hoverports, and I should be scared or angry, the newsfeed says. But the sky is so empty and quiet and beautiful.
went to class, realized i never printed out my essay, made a mad dash back to print it out, and continued said mad dash back to the armory. eesh.
dyed her hair =]
recieved The Electric Kool-Aid Acid Test in the mail today =D
is going to go play Boston on the piano =]
hasn't had power for the past 2 hours..man im so bored.....
poor farrah, poor michael =[
is wearing and listening to less than jake =] =]
IS going to warped tomorrow! =D =D (close one!) gah! so happy =]
loves snl. and is going to marry bill hader =]
got out of the house tonight finally =] had a grand time. this had better start happening more often.
needs something witty to put as her status.
woke up this morning with both of her arms asleep. unpleasant.
"So judge me by my actions. Maybe some will be scared enough to wake from their walking dream state"
all the statues in town came to life. but they'd been watching long enough to know not to move.
could listen to L.A.X. by Big D and the Kids Table about a hundred times in a row hahaa
movies =]
the glass passenger =]
--it's postsecret sunday everyone!
has contacts finally, its been a long time coming. its quite nice to see
to do: raise lambs in the Alps and, in turn, become a german shepherd.
17 soups in a hot plate
found long lost Third Eye Blind cd!
likes pina coladas and getting caught in the rain
Perseids tonight!...though accompanied with a bright moon. =\ Still excited! =]
quad day, got some fantastic posters, donated blood...productive day.
is very anxious for House to start again in september
moved in yesterday, got victoria moved in today, and now we're just..hangin out. in our room sweet room. outdoor concert and comedy tonight? yay!
is back from the late nighter and didnt get hypnotized =[ and very hungry...
my ID card has been found! =D
moves out the day after tomorrow
shot the moon!
s last day of work is tomorrow... and it's gonna be a long one =[
hey everyone! What A Wicked Gang Are We Below by Streetlight Manifesto!
got caught in the rain =\
wants to take a rorschach test...
cuz lately im not dreamin so whats the point in sleepin? its just that at night i've got nowhere to hide.  --love me some jack's mannequin =]
lost her bromley id again... probably won't be so lucky to get it back this time.  Darn these shallow pockets!
bought some mod podge. is going to collage some things. rather excited.
"when you look annoyed all the time, people think you're busy."
is going to the football game at shiloh tomorrow =] haha yay
misses writing as much as i used to. needs a journal.
totally saw a guy with a neck brace looks both ways before crossing the street today. hahaa made my day for a bit
"My son got into DeVry." "What'd he have to do, open the door?"
its rainy and sun shiny and warm and beautiful =] but...its stopping.. sigh.
has nothing (of interest) to do.
there's nothing to writing. all you do is sit down at a typewriter and open a vein.
bah. this always happens. ah well. thinking about making blueberry muffins.
What do you call someone who speaks more than one language? A polyglot. What do you call someone who speaks only one language? An American.
is out of cinnamon toast crunch =[
needs a new camera =[
pasta and criminal minds marathon and putting off reading
warped tour was fantastic =]
bored, tired, work tomorrow and the next two days and then im done =] and then 6ish days from then i move in. delightful!
....lost my bromley id. already. curse my absent mind.
robot chicken!
And the world might end tonight!
you know whats cool? project runwayers making clothing out of newspaper.
just can't get down to business...curse you, homework.
may as well try and catch the wind. dee dee dee dee dee....
snl tonight =]
sick =\
is tired and irritated. almost time for green tea and robot chicken! hope i get my stupid bromley id tomorrow.
drew a blank...and put it in a frame.
"Uh, didn't ask about your hair, *PROPNAME*."   "You asked with your eyes, *PROPNAME*. You asked with your eyes."
jimmy fallon does one heck of a seinfeld impersonation
I love when people misinterpret brutally depressing songs. Like Born in the USA, or Happy Birthday.
has played more Freecell today than any man should.
*PROPNAME*'s on Leno =]
2 more classes, a quiz to fail, a long-awaited nap, and maybe dinner if i feel like getting up.
feels absolutely great =D
back from the doctor with many many meds
is still practically deaf in my right ear after two weeks... getting old, i say. unpleasant.
off off off with your head,,dance dance dance til youre dead
still, i wouldn't mind punching something.
you and i, we're just too shy
got her books today. rather excited for intro to poetry. read sylvia plath and edwin arlington robinson on the way home =] also, got glasses today. not too sure how i feel about them. didnt not wear them on the way home
HOUSE! HOUSE EVERYONE, HOUSE!
zooey deschanel and death cab for cutie front man ben gibbard got married =D how cuuute
paper done with 20 minutes to spare. poptart time.
dakota fanning's getting beat up on robot chicken heh hehh..excellent.
can't get enough glass passenger
It's "Fumbles". It's always been "Fumbles".
meh. forgotten test in the morning.
is Nancy Drew.
got two pairs of cartilage piercings today =]
going to play some piano!
be excellent to each other!
10 hour workday? boo.
has consumed so many cough drops as of late, i'm making a wrapper bracelet with those too.
Ah, love at first sight. When you see someone so beautiful that you forget they aren't there just for you.
found Mad World sheet music =]
some man sold his kidney for $20,000...sounds like a plan
laptop finally came, woop. its purple. its lovely.
500 Days of Summer was very very good =D
Courage the Cowardly Dog is on!
one more class, dr's appointment (hearing has improved!), missing House because of the midterm tonight =[
watchin benny and joon =)
9am class for tomorrow is cancelled. Huzzah!
sent a postcard to postsecret yesterday =]
s ears are sore haha. worth it! Nothing on the tube.... will continue to study for tmrs psych midterm momentarily =\ meh.
wants to be able to put the wild things commercials on her ipod to watch allthetime =]
is watching robot chicken. It's aliive!
and by that i mean that everyone should listen to Viva Discordia by That Handsome Devil. now.
Criminal Minds!
feels she did poorly on her midterm; starts third psych class tmr; needs to create some ipod playlists; is preoccupied.
gets to sleep in tomorrow! kinda disappointed that all my classes are canceled except one =\ wouldn't mind the whole day off.
has a paper due tomorrow. will start in a bit, i think. would've helped to have read anything before this point. ah well!
is downloading wilco and watching third rock from the sun!
I've always known I'd be a bank robber. So judge all you want, ladies and gentlemen. Because you never did become an astronaut.
crowd surfed at *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*! =D
We bet him five dollars that he would drown. A bittersweet victory.
Overpopulation will only accelerate until we need walled cities to keep out the hungry, swarming, insane masses. And they will scrape and dig under the walls like bug eyed mole men. You say catastrophe. I say, fuck yes.
Jai Guru Deva om... Nothing's gonna change my world.
Err:520
is rocking the casbah.
HOUSE!
is updating her facebook status.
is off to brunch!
needs another project. needs more chain.
loves you, yeah yeah yeah.
....curse this internet and//or computer. whichever one is currently sucking and screwing up facebook. screwing up everything!
is looking into her personality type. has the same as luke skywalker, gandhi, and adam sandler, among others. is pleased.
sabrina the teenage witch is on! i haven't seen it in years! =D really takes me back...
You are beautiful, sir. But I hope you're interesting, too. Do you read? Do you think about what you read? I specifically told the agency I wanted someone who thinks about what he reads.
might as well be walkin on the sun
"the verdict falls like bachelors for bad-luck girls"
And if a ten-ton truck kills the both of us - to die by your side, well, the pleasure, the privilege is mine.
finished the rough draft of my explication of The Mill.   *PROPNAME* is spectacular!
"It wasn't radioactive," the doctor said, "it was a Brown Recluse spider." "Fuck that," I said, "My spidey sense is tingling!" "That's nerve damage," he said.
the most interesting man in the world doesn't always eat soup. but when he does. he prefers cream of mushroom.
hug a vegetarian day!
I don't mean to seem disrespectful, officer. But god damn, I want like three of you.
NEW SNL!
i for one am loving the wind
also just got back from seeing the Chief dance.
needs something to do tomorrow//wednesday afternoon.. don't wana be around for fire code inspections.
slept in like nobody's business today. makin biscuits.
is making the coolest bracelet ever.
i've got troubled thoughts and the self esteem to match. what a catch, what a catch. -- the music video is delightful =]
check your time boy, check your time
is *PROPNAME*. Yes!
is watching SNL =D
superfastinternet is beautiful.
"Every generation had its socially-conscious youth: flappers, beatniks, hippies, punks... Today we have hipsters, but instead of contributing largely to a social cause, they're just a bunch of pretentious pricks."
nap, two classes, headed home.
is just a teenage dirtbag, baby. Yeah I'm just a teenage dirtbag baby. Listen to Iron Maiden, baby, with me. Ooohoooooo.. =D
Truth and Beauty are wonderful words. But shrapnel is shrapnel. And at the end of the day I am alone with the things I have done.
ordered a real winter coat today! It's been long overdue.
is anticipating tonight's Criminal Minds!
sophisticasherwood anderson
Who needs Twitter when you have Facebook?
New Guitar Hero = Freeeeeeeeebiiiiiiiiiird!
4 publications in 10 years, yo I can divide// That's one every let's say two, two of them shits was due// One was - NAHHH, the other was in the Journal of Mathematics// That's a one hot publication every ten year average// And that's so - LAAAAAAAME!
BET Awards tonight at 8
My personality spans, too numerous  A gentleman, intelligent, athletic, a thug and I'm humorous
*PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, and *PROPNAME*: 3 great men doing great things in 2009.
Can Obama will the US to victory over Brazil Sunday?
Ok, who wants to go to LA with me Tuesday for the MJ memorial service?
After 3 tracks of Illmatic in the car today, my grandma turns to me and says "Turn off this noise and put on Michael Jackson!"  Priceless
lamborghini murcielago
Off to Cornell for a week of probability.
Goodbye *PROPNAME*.
Im serious, I have an extra ticket for the MJ funeral.  Who wants to go?
Take me to a place without no name
Does anyone know where I can find the firefighter's test from the *PROPNAME* case that is causing *PROPNAME* so much consternation.
Forget fireworks, I want to see the *PROPNAME* funeral.
Im sort of half expecting MJ to come dancing out of the hospital singing Thriller
Off to Orlando for the weekend
BET Awards Sunday at 8.  I will not forget this year.
loves hiding uninteresting people on his newsfeed.
"Im going to University of Maryland, but I spent the summer at HARVARD." ~ Adweeb
Flight delayed 2 hrs , but Orlando Intl Airport has free wireless!
Off to see whats left of the Beach Boys (I go white one day a year)
Get around round round I get around Still down with the Underground When I come around
time to swim
Going surfing with *PROPNAME*
"Why is America like Michael Jackson?  Both achieved their peaks with a moonwalk performed decades ago" ~ *PROPNAME*
Today at the gym I saw on TV that Michael Jackson was dead.  I was so shook up I couldn't keep working out.  Also, I will do anything to skip dumbell lifts.  They really suck.
Ready for Summerfest!
*PROPNAME* was not as cool as I thought he would be.
15
It's all about control and if you can take it.
One is apt to overestimate beauty when it is rare ~ *PROPNAME*
could only gaze on *PROPNAME* from afar today at Disney World:(
Off to Chi-town for some Information Theory
It is time to return to Hogwart
There are too many imitation *PROPNAME*'s on Facebook.
I wanna do bad things to you...
Only engineer to rewrite history without a pen// No RFID on my Mac, let the story begin....begin...begin
Nothin's equivalent to a New York state of mind.
Back in Boston finally.
*PROPNAME* wrote that "pure democracy" doesn't work because "there is nothing to check... an obnoxious individual." Then, in the margins, he doodled a picture of *PROPNAME* the Plumber.
I will show you *PROPNAME*'s birth certificate when you show me *PROPNAME*'s high school diploma.
This year for Eid I want to see my Muslim president on all the morning talk shows at once.
Just got the new *PROPNAME* album!
Ok change of plans again, and back to Gekko.
An evening with Gorden Gecko.
In LA
Actually most people on Twitter are old Republicans who don't know how to use Facebook or who are morally opposed to "poking" strangers.
Cant a man enjoy his Nobel Peace Prize for a day?  Just for a DAY!?
Headache
*PROPNAME*
Change of plans: an evening with *PROPNAME* instead.
And now it is time for the Yankees to break the curse of bin Laden.
is hooked on Katamari
Arab money ready to go
And finally, thanks to capitalism, the curse of bin Laden is broken.  GO YANKEES!  Now let's rebuild those towers and get out of Afghanistan.
In 2 years went from *PROPNAME* to *PROPNAME*...
is going to learn Japanese.
Ugggh, why did I eat those donuts?  Never again!
will not be compromised by some puny prodigal pathetic pitiful pusillanimous putrid punk from Bangladesh
Jay-Z in a tux at the American Music Awards... Priceless
Happy Eidsgiving
"I don't have to explain anything to you solecistic amoebas" ~ *PROPNAME*
Shippin off to Vancouver
Happy Birthday 40th Jay-Z!
will boycott any sponsor pulling their Tiger Woods advertising.  Gillette, Gatorade, you've been put on notice.
*PROPNAME* is going to NY for her next concert on Nov. 22nd
*PROPNAME* makes me wanna be a Republican.
RIP *PROPNAME*
Tomorrow, we snowboard.
has just finished watching the Wire, and it was awesome.
Senator *PROPNAME* reminds me of Senator *PROPNAME*, but considerably more treacherous.
In KABUUUUUUUUUUL! Desert city bringin down empires There's nothin we can do  Now we're in KABUUUUUUUUUUUUL! The streets will make you feel so screwed No hope cuz we're all doomed Let's here it for KABUL, KABUL, KABUUUUUUUL!
We got 60!
*PROPNAME* is coming back to the WWE
*PROPNAME* is gorges.
Forgive me for what I am about to do tonight.
I need the wisdom of a wise Latina.
Hot 97 is finally streaming online.  Sweet.
Me, I'm doin business and no one ain't ever seen us//  If Jay-Z payin' *PROPNAME*, Im payin *PROPNAME*
Greed, for lack of a better word, is gy.
will NOT under any circumstances attend a Spring Weekend concert headlined by Dashboard Confessional.
Do it for *PROPNAME*...
Congratulations *PROPNAME* on your new baby!
reading the Holy Klor'an
We got your back Harry "Healthcare" Reid
just bought some 1500 thread sheets
is in a Bangla State of Mind
*PROPNAME* should have thanked *PROPNAME* in her Grammy speech
Hot: *PROPNAME* is an awesome TA.
Will someone PLEASE explain to me why everyone thinks *PROPNAME* is so awesome?  I mean if you put *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, or *PROPNAME* on all of my songs, they would sound just as good, if not better.
I have 6 cliques in my Facebook network.
Just sewed on my first button.
Dunk contest was lame this year.  Everything the Knicks touch dies.
found out that Jolly Pirate Donuts near her house in WV was the one shown on that Smoking Gun episode!  Awesome! ^^
is feeling a little subbydub today.
has a new baby sister!  Little Baby No-Name!
just found an organization called Think Before You Speak that flips out about people saying, "that's gay," claiming that it's offensive.  That's pretty gay, if you ask me.                                                                                    
There is now officially a tea-growing Subbydub Ocean, according to *PROPNAME*.
has officialy decided that *PROPNAME* is named after *PROPNAME*.
is back from the beach a little scraped up and sunburned, but otherwise okay!
is in Georgia tomorrow, then to Florida Saturday, and back to Georgia Sunday.
s epic wound is starting to heal!  Yay!
has only 8 more days to use the government's money.  Anyone want me to go run the water and waste some more of their money?  Got any grudges?   ;)
can't remember the name of that agility school in WV and can't find it on the Internet!  Anyone else remember?  Dad or MJ?
is in Valdosta tomorrow, then to St. Augustine Saturday, then back to Valdosta Sunday, and back home to Charleston Sunday, too.
just scrubbed the inside of the car.  In the dark.  With the mosquitoes.
just got back from the pool.  Wow, I'm exhausted...
stayed up to finish The Kite Runner last night, probably around four in the morning.  I'm not sure because I don't have a clock up there! lol
just finished "There Are No Children Here."  It was horrendous.
s little sister told her that she could "ride her tricycle with no handlebars."  As long as you don't start singing their more political songs, sweetie.  :P
just planned the perfect field trip. ^^
spent 1 hour in the car, 2 hours in Potomac Mills, only went to 2 stores, and got just a cup out of the whole day.  WOW.
is going to try drawing upstairs.  Didn't work so well in the car.  Usually a change of atmosphere helps.
The early bird gets the worm...but the second mouse gets the cheese in the trap.  Words to live by.  I do, at least.
just got back from the zoo.  No gray wolves, no girraffes...really not much of anything.  :(
s mom can't find a cheap orange Jansport backpack online because *PROPNAME* used one in Twilight, so everyone's paying top-dollar for them.  Hilarious.  :D
is having fun learning the 12 Principles of Animation.  Also, I drove on a road for the first time yesterday.  Don't worry; it was just a few blocks, and everyone should be back on their feet in no time.  ;)
just told *PROPNAME* died.  There was a short pause.  "We need a new *PROPNAME*."  Nice.
s hamster died last night. :(
Tuition at Rhode Island is 35 grand!!
The girl walking me to my classes today asked me if I played any sports.  HAHAHAHA HA ha ha ha...Ahh, that's funny.  Silly cheerleaders.
might need to make an easier "how-well-do-you-know" quiz.  Go take it and tell me.  ; )
just found out that you lose your sense of smell when you sleep.  Interesting.
does NOT like this *PROPNAME* chick!  At all!
can't get the freaking pictures on Facebook to work!  I hate that app! >:(
just filled out a survey to get monthly email coupons for ProPlan at Complete Petmart!  Awesome!  ^^
thinks maybe that trying to upload a 9.8 meg photo to crappy facebook isn't such a good idea...
s mom just said, "*PROPNAME*'s right!"  LOL!
*PROPNAME*'s tantrum has finally come to a close.  Phew!  (Read my note for more details ;) )
thinks that people should learn more about a foreign country's customs and be more polite in said foreign country!
s back does not like to tan (or sunburn) evenly!  My back is splotchy again, and this time I didn't even use sunscreen!  >:(
had only 5 hours of sleep last night and somehow feels fine, but will have 7-8 hours of sleep on schooldays and cannot seem to wake up in the morning.  What the crap is that??
really thinks there's NO WAY she'll finish that collage by tomorrow.  Seriously.
finds it funny how absolutely Kung Fu Panda dominated the *PROPNAME* last year.  Even WALL-E didn't stand a chance!  (Oh, yeah, that's what *PROPNAME* was named after. ;)
finally found her tea diffuser!  It's tea time, biyotch!  ...Hmm, am I allowed to say that?  Guess I'll find out when I'm grounded for a week...  ;)
s Venus' fly trap caught its first bug: a little gnat.  Aww, they grow up so fast...
LOVED the new Family Guy the other night.  Watching the Disney scene was a lot of fun.  On that note, it's all animated in Korea.  What is up with that?  Can't we animate our own shows in our own country?!
has a new cell number: (229) 251-4618.  Save it now.  SAVE IT!
had a half day today!  Yay!
New Bones yesterday, new Soup and Dog Whisperer tonight, and new Simpsons and Family Guy Sunday!  And I've brought my science grade up from an 84 to a 91!  WOOOO!
Really needs to plan out the next two days carefully... Hmm...  ¬_¬
s mom is playing Scrabble.  Mom: "What the heck does 'rehem' mean?  Oh, wait; that was my word."  I think she needs to go lay down like *PROPNAME* for a little while.
is alive.  You should try it sometime; it's a lot of fun.
jumping on the lyrics-for-status bandwagon: Don't let apathy police the populace, we will march across those stereotypes that were marked for us. The answer's obvious; we switch the consonants and change the "sword" to "words" and lift continents.  9//11 <3
watched the President's speech yesterday.  Wow, I'm SOOO indoctrinated!  [//sarcasm]  Stupid radical jerks...
tiny fingers...can't type...pinky hurts...too many octaves...Why? Why, genetics, why?
thinks people should either do something or shut up and deal!  We were the (pretty much) first country to have a peaceful transfer of power between political parties.  Let's go back to those times, shall we?  If you're not gonna do anything about what you don't like, then please, shut up and leave everyone else alone. kthxbi.
s weird cat came inside not for a bowl of food, but for a bowl of water.  I poured some water over near where he was outside and he came trotting over straight into my arms!  XD
WHAT?  WHY DID NO ONE TELL ME THAT ZOMBIELAND WAS FILMED AT WILD ADVENTURES?!  So those guys trying to recruit LHS students for a "big movie making fun of zombie movies filmed near WA and in the woods" were actually legit!  OMG I have to go see it! Also, all you people in Valdosta fail for not telling me about it! ;)
can't believe how many restaurants and stores didn't have their flags at half-staff today!  How can you possibly forget what today is, especially if the building right next to you has theirs at half-staff?  9//11 <3
New cell number: (555) 555-5555
helps the police, because nice police are nice to me! XD
Serving God is doing good to man, but praying is thought an easier service and is therefore more generally chosen.
just posted her Amazon Christmas list on here.  Be sure to read the notes at the top!!
"The role of Bruce Wayne//Batman was originally offered to *PROPNAME*, but he turned it down." WHAT??!
would like to remind everybody that we live in a multicultural society composed of more than just Christians, that this country was NOT built off of Christianity (in fact, many of our Founding Fathers were Deists, not Christians) and the only ones keeping Christ out of Christmas are the people who insist on filing lawsuits for not saying "Christmas" instead of spending their time caring for others!  Happy Holidays!
just got back from camping.  I feel so disgusting...
thinks that maybe if more real guys were more like *PROPNAME* from Dragon Age, she might be more willing to date.  Yes, I seriously just said that.
*PROPNAME*. ;)
thinks *PROPNAME* deserves yet another apology from Warner Brothers.  For multiple reasons.  How do you leave out the big, climactic battle scene of a book?  How does that happen?  And then you turn around and add in an entire scene that not only didn't happen, but also makes no sense whatsoever.
is watching the Dog Whisperer where an aggressive Chihuahua rules all the pit bulls at a pit bull rescue!
freakin. Loves. Photoshop.  Now if only I could find some classes...
doesn't know what to do for some people for Christmas!  D:
is frustrated...
got her game fixed!  Almost done, now...just a few more rooms, then off to the evil dragon!  I have a feeling something bad's gonna happen.  Just a hunch...
just watched a documentary on 9//11 conspiracy theorists.  Those have got to be the most low-down, small-minded, egotistical, self-centered, uncaring, ignorant, heartless monsters I have ever seen.
Ugh, nevermind.  Got stuck and had to backtrack.  Might as well do all the side quests while I'm at it.  Maybe I'll finish by freaking Friday...
feels pretty confident about the Chemistry test tomorrow.
Wow, DA is tossing out achievements like crazy.  Good ones, too.  Also, I cannot type today to save my life.  I can't tell you how many times I had to hit the backspace while typing this. X-l
"The world may end in 2012 but this show won't." XD LOL!
Hmm, that wasn't too bad. Had me worried for a minute.  I've certainly seen worse endings. Like freakin' Fallen! Seriously, what the crap was that?! Anyways, not bad. ^^
Huh. I stand corrected.
Why? Why does BioWare have to be so mean to me? I KNOW Mass Effect 2 is out! Leave me alone! DX
screw work and making yet another trip to social services to reapply for food stamps.  I just want to write :(
At last, award goes to *PROPNAME* for succeeding in getting me adequately smashed to incite vomiting (unless it was the bibim bap...)
take on me.
had about 15 billion dreams last night and remembers all of them. Nice work, hippocampus :)
apparently, cotton-top tamarins like alien music.
me: so he had cerebral palsy?  *PROPNAME*: yeah, you could tell because his hand was all doodly-doo.
life's a sexually transmitted disease.
never despair, but if you do, work in despair. writing
As long as people are still having premarital sex with many anonymous partners while at the same time experimenting with mind-expanding drugs in a consequence-free environment, I'll be sound as a pound!
thinks your Osama looks like a dirty wizard
okay... going to try some techniques to facilitate lucid dreaming
the gods are angry today
is alive
is back.. with 21 pages of Fabulous notes to transcribe
ugh, must finish this book by Christmas, as it is surely the only meaningful thing I've done with my life thus far.
hump day!
is going to be productive when she's finished being lazy
was quite productive today :) Time for Irish car bombs.
the sky is falling
is floating around... 20 lightyears above the equatorial symmetry plane and about 28,000 lightyears from the galactic center of a large, spiral-shaped conglomeration of at least 200 billion stars.
the pigman would give YOU a ride if he had a car
I don't mean to be obnoxious, but maybe it would help if I saw more of you.
is being fabulous in California
is feeling pretty peppy, thanks to my buddy caffeine
loves these new, extra-antisocial headphones that create a symphony orchestra inside her brain
is not like other humans sometimes
is putting all her eggs in one basket, counting her chickens before they are hatched, and pausing to inspect the angle and shape of a gift horse's incisors.
aquarium date night?  ooh la la
sometimes when life sucks, you gotta get yourself a lollipop and suck back.
come on, scratch my back. It'll be a funky adventure.
loses every time.
the real trouble with reality is that there's no background music
haha.. I kick ass at dirty scrabble
is going to try working out drunk.
riding my bike in the fall makes me happy.
had 3 different dreams of being stalked by big cats last night. what's the symbolic meaning there?
today was a highly venomous day... 4 timber rattlers & 3 copperheads.
attempting to leave my body for a bit.
*PROPNAME* to her brother: why do you have a skull? *PROPNAME*: yeah, I have a skull.  It's from upstairs.
is headed for Boston to be with her lovers... *PROPNAME* & *PROPNAME* are happy :D
likes the feeling of wasabi high in her nasal passages
And you run and you run to catch up with the sun but it's sinking.               Racing around to come up behind you again.               The sun is the same in a relative way but you're older.               Shorter of breath and one day closer to death.
writing stabilizes me in this dimension :)
applying for grad school... sucks balls.
loves crazy people. (almost as much as coffee).
is about 65% oxygen, 18% carbon, 10% hydrogen, 3% nitrogen, 1.5% calcium, 1% phosphorus, 0.35% potassium, 0.25% sulfur, 0.15% sodium, 0.05% magnesium, and 0.70% copper, zinc, iron, and caffeine.
nothing like watching monkeys have sex on a biweekly basis
enjoys teasing barred owls.
if FSU were a guinea pig, it would be *PROPNAME*. No offense, *PROPNAME*.
is worried that academics have no real meaning in their lives.
I am he as you are he as you are me and we are all together.
run *PROPNAME*, run! (the loggers are coming)
guess what? fo yo birfday, instead of diamonds or flowers or any kindza real gift, you get my penis!
life is like a box of chocolates... too much marshmallow and not enough nuts.
I just realized I have the perfect brother... he is just so wonderful in every way, AND he is a musician! How lucky am I? BUT... he doesn't make his moves in Scrabble ;)
at long last, resuming my love affair with my favorite sexy serial killer :D
is smoking a cigar to get warm.
well.. my old shaver turned that shower scene into an Alfred Hitchcock film...
thinks imperfections are lovely.
dreams of faraway places basically all the time now...
just saw FOUR timber rattlesnakes!! Thanks, *PROPNAME*! :) And I am SO much better at finding them than *PROPNAME*.
ahhhhh... restless.
can I just observe crows?
got to hold a woodcock this weekend! Sweet like bee saliva :)
headed to bed with my centipede.
he said, "no money.  But, on your deathbed, you will receive total consciousness." So I have that going for me.
day of phone dates with trappers & furbearer biologists... ooh baby!
it was hot! it was hot.
*PROPNAME*:   This is a deliberate insult against me and my people. *PROPNAME*. *PROPNAME*: Who the fuck are his people?  *PROPNAME*:   I don't know... little scientists, I guess.
come on, somebody tell me how everyone's getting these symbols on Fb. this is just too much.  Hey guess what else? 199 pages.  Got-to-crank-out-one-more...
is designing a lovely tattoo... yes, I realize I have a stack of papers to grade. Coffee break soon.
appreciates this special time of year when you're a misfit if you don't dress & behave like a freak :)
the universe is a symphony and the laws of physics are harmonies of a superstring. How beautiful.
hmm.. if I were a fly, I'd be dreaming about devil's tongue. Nite, all
is about to fall out of her bed, out of her clothes, and into the Niiiiiiiiiight Kitchen.
ah, nothing in the world is as beautiful as fresh music.
just broke 200 pages :)
"Life is miraculous; even when it's disastrous, it's still incredible. I'm fascinated with everything; life is fascinating. I'm fascinated by trees and dogs, but no one wants to hear me talk about it." -*PROPNAME*
attempting these writing samples, a.k.a., trying to balance on that fine line between  creative nonfiction & academic journal article... tricky business.
needs to learn how to be diurnal & studious.
when life gives you fall apples, eat them.
some painters work with oils, some with acrylics.  *PROPNAME* & I work with dumps.
likes windows. They are very appealing to wandering minds.
where oh where are my headphones... I'm completely lost without them :(
I dare you to touch a slug.
once there was a way to get back home.
my fortune cookie tonight didn't even have a fortune...  :(
hot tamales & Easter peeps & bunnies; *PROPNAME* & I gots significant data! :) I guess monkeys DO kinda like music...
accidentally rescued another animal from T&D's...
does anyone else feel 'frustration' in their lower spinal cord, or is my physiology whack?
RIP little Moon Rabbit.
if you give a moose a muffin, you'll end up in a dirty trailer with seven kids and no money.
loves coffee more than LOL Catz love cupcakes.  And unlike LOL Catz, I'm not inbred//illiterate.  I am 68% retarded, however, but that's mostly because I drool.
is expecting... but doesn't know the bunny daddy.
just experienced orthostatic hypotension. trippy.
I used to have a boyfriend with a wooden leg, but I broke it off.
Ahhhh!! what is this strange white stuff coming from the sky?!
Dad & I just took the kayaks out on the lake in a torrential downpour//thunder & lightning storm (father knows best)... no beavers, but lots of migrating black & velvet scoters :)
is a female donkey that drills for a living?
top of the mornin to ya.
is watching FEARnet with *PROPNAME*. Spook is in the air :)
saw several dead rainbows today :(
so Season 4 of Dexter started out crrrraaazy!
proof that soul-shattering, awe-inspiring things can evolve? Music.
is sipping coffee, petting a bunny, listening to music, & dicking around on Fb. How's that for multitasking? I can process chemical, acoustical, tactile, and visual stimuli simultaneously, all while actively avoiding any kind of work AND maintaining homeostasis!
shared bodily fluids with 3 people in lab today & didn't get infected ;)
I think *PROPNAME* may have attracted a tall chicken & a wolf-girl with her salmon patty trail cam bait.
when life gives you shit, grind it up, freeze-dry it, and extract the glucocorticoids.
we wanted to say you shouldn't suffer this way. We love you, Tuqqy.
growing up is weird.
was unexpectedly mesmerized by how beautiful Pennsylvania is today.
no thesis project. no hope for the future, other than a miracle.
even though yesterday's laborious morning of shoveling would appear to be in vain, I don't have to teach any labs today! Asante sana, rafiki yangu snow :)
as soon as I manage to sit down and start being productive, *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* have to start being cuter than ever and that bottle of red on the counter has to start being sexier than ever...
is thamkful she didn't get murdered last night. seriously. and of course, for her lovely fb friends. :)
lend me your ear & I'll sing you a song, but you might not be able to hear it without your ear.
is thinking... if I have a little >2 yrs left to live, why am I still in frostburg?
always gets the studliest pets.
I'm trying, ghandi.
when everything is going wrong, it helps to get ridiculous phone calls from one's two whackjob best friends & be entertained by the cutest, smartest, naughtiest bunny in the world.
s right hand is really, really cold.
wine, chocolate, & guitar = :)
is making CDs and making out with *PROPNAME*.
I will never get my Master's or get out of Frostburg :(
is in less danger of getting a lump of coal for Christmas every year, as we deplete the earth's fossil fuels.
might almost like Bridget's cinnamon, cardamom, & black pepper tea more than coffee!
Avatar makes me proud to be a biologist.
"coming up, it's Man Vs. Wild, followed by Frying Human Meat Putting on Spices and Saving it With Maggots at 9:00." Gotta love Bridget.
CABIN FEVER.
it's really amazing that a meatball can roll under a bush and eventually grow into a meatball tree.
I am the fool; the hierophant crosses me.
to think we are who we are largely because of the deactivation of Myosin Heavy Chain 16 (MYH16)... fascinating.
in a moment, something poked him in an infuriatingly private place.
hmm, can't wait to try out this "synthetic fermented egg" lure...
hey *PROPNAME*, don't make it bad. Don't eat all the houseplants, chew wires, throw temper tantrums, and break out of your cage.  All you need is love, little man.
computer's broken :( worrying about how many important files I may lose. in brighter news, walked my rabbit around the neighborhood on a leash today.
the dreams are more fun.
road trip with my boy, followed by a play date with a crazy half-Japanese girl & two ferrets.
The most beautiful experience we can have is the mysterious.  It is the fundamental emotion which stands at the cradle of true art and true science.  Whomever does not know it and can no longer wonder, no longer marvel, is as good as dead, and his eyes are dimmed. -Einstein
ravenous black holes, ripples in the space-time continuum, intersex bass taking over US rivers, expectations influencing the wine-tasting experience, the possibility of quantum memory devices... just some of my Science Daily. Truth blows fiction out of the water!
last night, I learned that my little boy (*PROPNAME*) loves wine as much as I do; hence, I will no longer be able to set my wine glasses on the ground.
hmm... has the mystery of the loud neighborhood farting noise been solved?
What's up, Cheese Apple? Your warm, cheesy, buttery, and tart deliciouness? That's what I'm talkin about ;)
has a naughty bunny.
WOW. All I can say is, I was channeling Deb as I watched that traumatic season finale.
suspects that this nightly coffee + Dexter combo isn't the best for her heart.
a third of a chicken of a bobcat?  Hmm.. yes, *PROPNAME*.
making love to my lollipop, mantis-style.
is imagining her feet buried under the cool, wet sand and being sucked toward the ocean.
is just an earthbound misfit enjoying a Starbucks double-shot espresso
little dee is your hero.
spies and other mysterious persons could track me down almost anywhere today, but they only have ~1 hour.
rediscovered how fun it is to play in 36 inches of snow :)
is gonna get some groovy coyote trail cam pics! you know you're jealous
fly in vaseline :(
mission for the day: find my car under that 8-ft mound of wintry precipitate.
note to self: do not attempt to drive 400 miles in a blizzard ever again.
to the air mattress, my noisy nighttime lover.
s entire day.. maybe even entire life.. is dependent on who wins this dominance interaction between *PROPNAME* & *PROPNAME*. Go *PROPNAME*!!! If *PROPNAME* throws this one, I will surely be in a sour mood for the rest of the week.
is home lovin' on my kids....oh, and my hubby too ;)
has 99 friends, so why is it that I feel the need for one more?
thinks there is a conspiracy among the soup companies to trick you into thinking that the personal size containers are simply a single serving size when they actually contain TWO servings
Well, the fork-lift job is a no go.  Apparently, he wasn't fast enough - considering he's never driven a fork-lift before - and they don't have time to train him...on to plan B, I suppose
yay...100 friends!
24 hours without the kids -- I miss my babies!
Did anyone see *PROPNAME* & *PROPNAME* this week on Dancing with the Stars?  Whew...now, that's what I call dirty dancing!
Don's taking a fork-lift test tomorrow to see if he qualifies to bump back in - keep those fingers crossed!
is half way through her weekend conference ;)
*PROPNAME* fell off the couch last night and fractured the bone just above her right elbow so we spent most of the night in the ER and most of this afternoon at the orthopedics office before bringing her home in a pretty purple cast for Christmas
Merry Christmas, All!  Any Santa sightings?
"...when will the GSS end? is BOSE headphone part of the GSS? wanna get one with my pay...when i get my pay..."
"...is hating this job..."
"...life sucks...but god is still good..."
"...moved. now at Wordpress..."
feeling musle tiredness from standing almost a whole day @ TGX...
...plans for taking off on tuesday...
why is my FB so wierd... can't FFS this way... the home page looks funny too...
why has my status become a warzone.... @.@
IAP - A, FYP - B... lols.... GPA still seems safe... =)
Gonna be sleeping soon... For Tomorrow, I needa CHIONG my PROJECT. =)
So Horrible... Reformatting DELL PC at home... Stupid Driver CD... Finally can work... but... ONE by ONE install??? Zzz...
Gonna try need for speed shift on PSP...
OMGOMGOMG... Results release day.... XD
Sleep Time... for tomorrow is work time... =)
wonders if someone is missing the posts from FFS on my wall... xD
Faith 4-1 Dinner: 19th Sep, Meet @ Dhoby Ghaut - 5:30pm. SMS *PROPNAME* to RSVP. Exclusive to my faithfourone batch only. =D
EARTHQUAKE!!!!
1  week left to complete the project... few more features to be implemented... =)
87 Pets on FFS... LOL...
WTH I AM SHAKING ON THE 16th FLOOR!!! EARTHQUAKE!!!
WTH... I do not understand what I am doing with rendermonkey... What values are stored in each component of the semantics... and how the hell I am going to complete that practical.
Why is mocap not in the mocap room?
is wondering what's the actual date for start of modules... xD
Back to work again... =) Working is good... haha...
not gonna be facebooking much tonight...
*PROPNAME* said she was allergic to Pepper! LOL.
*PROPNAME* is a bully... T_T
"...gonna move from Blogger to Wordpress soon..."
Totally no mood to do anything... Stupid smoker that used my admin number... spoil my day only... =(
Anyone know anything about NIS Scholarships? Can explain more to me? haha...
There any problem with FFS Feeds? LOL! Looks like alot of information not displayed there...
*PROPNAME*, I saw BMW Accident with Nissan Sunny around EXPO this morn b4 service, Nissan seemed to get damage less. BMW no airbags came out, Nissan Airbags out. BMW passengers got injury... I know cos BMW driver dad's cell group friend... so... drive safe... =)
Gonna try to re-setup PhysX and add in NxOgre on my com tomorrow... ROAR!!!
@ M Level 4 Photo Studio now...
Please spread the word that the DET FusionX Photoshoot timings are out. CHECK SCHOOL EMAIL! Those GP people who still owe me their resumes... tomorrow is the deadline.
Owe RESUME hand up RESUME! haha...
Please spread the word that the DET FusionX Photoshoot timings are out. CHECK SCHOOL EMAIL!
DET Photoshoot TODAY! Wear BLACK TOP... =D Can start thinking of a pose for your fun shot.
TOMORROW MOCAP CLASS 4-6PM @ COMPUTER LAB! PASS THE MESSAGE TO ALL PEOPLE TAKING MOCAP TMR! FROM MS EDA. DESOC: E-LEARNING TOMORROW DUE TO OPEN HOUSE! CHECK EMAILS!
Not so well today... getting betta...
Finished most of the Mocap Cleanup... Dunno if it looks wierd... should I capture again?
14 more days... Gotta Persevere...
Hi, my name is *PROPNAME*!
14 more days... OGRE WILL BE SLAUGHTERED FIRST!
Slept 7 hours last night from 3am plus while listening to worship songs... =)
DET People doing modules. Take note... Photoshoot is on Tues. Get your black top ready! (:
I want new FB Layout!
Those who still owe me resume... HAND THEM IN! Gonna be up most of the night tonight... PHS @.@
*PROPNAME*, pls help tell the FYP ppl to check email for their photoshoot timing. Thanks.
Facebook Developers, I feel that the new layout needs a shortcut to applications from every site. Probably a button for applications on the top bar?
ROAR
is well and festive and taking advantage of summer.
I love *PROPNAME*
is on his way to a wedding in the beautiful Peace Garden State.
is looking through West to East.
needs to take fewer joys for granted
is variably responsible
is disorganized and excited for a weekend wedding adventure
is watching the Perseid meteor shower the next two nights.
is spending the holiday drifting down the Huron.
can smell school approching
was chased by veloceraptors for a good hour, at least.
passed a family of ducks, two squirrels, a chipmunk, a raccoon, and a bassoonist on his way to the laundry room.
prioritizes the human over the applied, with mixed results.
stretched
is water-shedding it up and bonfireing it down.
celebrated dusk with the bats of *PROPNAME*
is designing a mausoleum.  Go Halloween.
spent Monday night in a plie of leaves, 150 feet above Lake Superior.
grows less responsible with time.
needs to work on discipline, decisiveness, and time.
spent the evening in an awesome blanket fort, has a thanksgiving potluck tonight, birthday dinner tomorrow, and crazy Canadian adventure over the weekend :D
Thank you, all, for you birthday wishes, and may the holiday bring you peace.
, unexpectedly, really enjoys waking up insanely early to work.
While we might get two, the west coast will get 6 to 9, and my jealousy of Lake Effect Snows grows ever greater.
the Leonid meteor shower, with up to 5000 meteors a night this year, is peaking Monday night from roughly 11 pm until 4 am on Tuesday  :-D
will be fighting with computers continuously for at least the next week.
in the final throes of Archland
is always surprised at how many building materials are made from cyanide, formaldehyde, and uric acid.
just wants to be settled in a great many things.
has had an amazing and adventurous holiday, full of games and leftovers and hitchhiking.
is glad to be.
argh.
is full up of memories of forested shrines, crashing beaches, and one very long, very windy road.
is Monsterballin' (*PROPNAME* is awesome!), then off to a weekend of rockin' out with siblings and relaxing in giant blanket forts.
is settling down for the end of an amazing summer.
is work, school, firepit, Manhattan, school.
is back to school
has three bucks, two bags, one me.
Should get in to Ithaca sometime before morning, and spend the rest of the weekend with amazing people and eccentric 3D models.
is jittery over tchnological complexity and impending deadlines.
just took my little babies out of the museum. :~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
has her first meeting with the *PROPNAME* Automation Team today. Are they going to haze me?
sure had fun last night :D
is happy to be home again. Just in time for the hava gorgo mishe.
is hotly waiting the MJ zombie comeback.
is looking at the man in the mirror.
Achievement Unlocked: Death Wish
doesnt think you're beatiful she thinks you're beyond it.
is ohhhhh.
is enjoying this incredibly beautiful sky.
wants a Mojito.
hopes to play Surrealist Games with you tonight. Moustache required.
is trying to get out of Beta too.
loves friends that help clean up the party. And has pretty great friends in general.
is excited for her first Independence Day //*PROPNAME* style//.
just went to her first Phish show! It was great fun, though I'm not sure who spread the rumor that it's ok to use glowstick goo as body paint.
is a standard packet.
is happy she finally got off the Google Voice waitlist //and// got the best phone number in the history of the world.
was A's, is now Z's.
"Do you do the air glock or air shotgun when you hear that song? I do the air glock— that's just my style." 105.3 DJ at the end of MIA's Paper Planes
loves her new *PROPNAME* haircut, even though the bangs were sticking straight up into the air this morning.
listening to *PROPNAME* (I'm guessing?) being very very wonderful on NPR.
has another show maybe! With *PROPNAME* maybe!!!
is about to enjoy the hell out of this day.
s katamari is mostly tools, gears, clamps.
got a literal ant in her pants!!!!!!!!!!!! (It bit her omg?!?!?!!)
almost killed herself with a kettlebell!
finds it funny to fit her whole life in such little, little boxes. Is 'funny' the right word?
oh, Canada!
has, for two years, tried to open her apartment door with her studio key every single night. Today she actually tried with the remote car key. A first!
wonders if the electric eel would make a good spirit animal.
sudo reboot
is heading home for some sensory deprivation (and *PROPNAME*'s? anyone?)
"well you have a 1//d integral too, but you want to integrate across the entire prostate!"
saw so much magic last night.
is feeling Shady.
loves workouts that involve kicking and punching the best.
is rebooting in Safe Mode.
one more robot learns to be something more than a machine.
is prototyping gantries for butt-robots (mostly out of Lego).
is curing cancer with an egg-laying butt-robot, one prostate at a time.
is gonna miss *PROPNAME*'s Illin' With the Will-Man until its Fall comeback.
is seeing *PROPNAME* & *PROPNAME*! :D
is wearing paint-free jeans (& gives them a day at best).
scratch *PROPNAME*, replace with *PROPNAME*. Divine.
loves America.
is getting down with the OPD.
is taking the trouble to blow her bubbles away.
adores this week of seeing all her super talented musician friends play! You all impress the hell out of me.
is playing Xbox and Legos alone... unless there are any humans around that want to play with me???
keeps failing *PROPNAME* & *PROPNAME* (Expert)!!!!!!! >:0
just got fog roll'd.
is finally making art again.
just got scolded for reckless soldering. My bad KG!
just built a totally awesome interactive Cyborg Trinity map. <3 GMaps API <3
couldn't find wire strippers so is just using shop scissors. BAM.
is ready for dancing!
hears some sort of kitten meowing from 35,000ft and getting closer.....
can forget that even small things leave a big wake.
had to run down the street with two bungee ropes across her hips, towing her trainer as he sang "This Land Is My Land".
FLEW A KITE WITH HER FEET TODAY AND IT WAS 100% AWESOME.
loves driving on 1.
can't wait to meet the tiny new *PROPNAME*! Happy 0th!!
is having the loveliest last week//end with all you lovely lovely people.
looking forward to LADIEZ NIGHT at Smitty's :D
ran back for her laptop when the firebell went off in Etcheverry. For shame!
needs help. Is my artist name "*PROPNAME*" or "*PROPNAME*"?
knows there are meteors behind those clouds.
is in her studio for the last time.
just heard 'In the Hall of the Mountain King' on the radio. Then 'Cold As Ice'. Ah, it's like being home with my family.
is wandering around San Francisco in the rain <3
is totally *PROPNAME* circa 1962.
needs to know guys, seriously, what to do with this squid.
loved San Francisco a little extra from the back of a Ducati.
placed her first order (Chumby guts) to a shipping zip of 10014. Going to celebrate with Bibimbop and some Korean beer.
is feeling 23 ways at once. But mostly ready for a party.
just took the loveliest walk.
had her purse stolen last night and is back to phonelessness. Dammit!
alligators twice, solders once.
was assumed to be one of the other artist's assistants... but found a cozy little spot for the hygros on the killing floor.
is lucky to have friends like *PROPNAME* around to point out that a glass desk will lead to serious laser mouse frustration.
is hangin' with *PROPNAME*.
is deliriously happy from this week of reunions.
is a cube!
has tried hot glue, electrical tape, cigarette filters and zip ties to collar this stepper motor for a superlight turnbuckle. What gives?! Any suggestions?
doesn't know what she would do without the Comptons. Or how she got so lucky to have them as friends. <3!
"You're like a disheveled doll. You know when you give a doll a hairdo, then it's never quite the same after? That's what your hair looks like." -LH
don't let Jesus push on her table leg.
is finally happily making art in her apartment. Just had a delivery guy come in, look around quietly then say, "Can I ask what is going on in here?"
is hiding out.
loves a 23rd.
KLo ftw!
"oh hi i am laura 3.0, i live in new york and wear a sweater cape" -JJC
seeks goldfish companion.
is 11:11, 11//11.
will be at ArtZone 461 in San Francisco, Jan 9 - Feb 7. The Seduction of Duchamp 2: *PROPNAME*'s Revenge!
anyone (ahem Dermot O'Deady, *PROPNAME*) want to Rock Band 2nite? Hollatcha girl.
"when i become secretary of state, ill recommend you to the president for something cushy, like chief of mission to the duchy of luxembourg. or, if you piss me off between now and then, you're getting somalia" -MH
is still reeling from Blue Hill at Stone Barns last night. Unreal.
always provided that ‘this testemonye of joy be careful done without any danger or disorder'.
dreamt about Nonja all night.
oh, *PROPNAME*! You make a robomama proud! From *PROPNAME*'s article: "Ultimately, our empathy towards *PROPNAME* (ascribing human-like traits to her actions and form) is what makes her teaching so successful. Without anthropomorphizing her, viewers would have minimal desire to explore the perception of a robot. Yet...
OMG! The first baby of my generation in the Clan has been born!! Congrats to *PROPNAME* & *PROPNAME*!!!!! <3!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
had a ridiculously fun reunion with *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*, and is heading over to see the *PROPNAME* before catching a plane home! See you tonight, America!!!
misses you, DFL.
just saw *PROPNAME* get tired & redock himself and is having MAJOR HEART MELT :~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
has seen him twice, so it's official. *PROPNAME* lives in this building. Any bets on how long it takes me to get on the Robot//Bear Talk Show?
it just started snowing at exactly 13:37.
is making internets!
just went upstairs to find *PROPNAME* reading icanhascheezburger. Success!
is back to her old life in the new world.
spilled the beans about the squid corpse in her freezer during the robotics team meeting today.
mended a giant American flag today and it felt Good.
looks forward to seeing your beautiful (moustachioed) faces tonight: Artzone 461 -> 500 Club -> ???, !!!
Internet on a BART?? Unheard of!
found the Wikipedia article on Common Sense vandalized; her epistemic foundation is cracked.
finally has 666 devilish friends. Now what to do with them all?
"You have your fear, which might become reality, and you have Godzilla, which _is_ reality." -*PROPNAME*
is going to give herself a massive, robot-induced coronary before the day is through.
Happy National Penguin Awareness Day! (I may be international at the moment, but at least this city is appropriately desaturated.)
From the "my family is ridiculously awesome" department, my sister leaves for Haiti today. *PROPNAME*!!!! Be careful!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Also, tell *PROPNAME* I say hi.
is (??? ) ???~.
finally has snow of her own <3.
had the worst surf session of my life!
just got 16 orders all at once. sick.
is beat!
drove over 250miles throughout LA!! Just for work orders today. Sick.
whats up with real estate REO agents lately?? they need to take the arrogance-stick out of their buttocks.
you down for some party bus action this friday to dive bars around the beach? let me know asap.
best week of surf, worst week for the company. dunno how to feel bout that.
taking the rest of the day off.
longest day ever and tomorrow will be worse. super!
at the beach... then work. priorities.
3 days in a row of super fun surf!!!... should prob work sometime this week.
hungry. fee me.
depression... day before 26. lame
still feeling it
off to work! lame.
had the biggest week in my company's history and its only Tuesday! yay! www.cdmpropertypreservation.com
on my way to berkeley!!!! cheese board here i come:)
off to work, then to surf.
buying my flight to hawaii... yes, that is right brian. 7 days. that translates to getting a job as a cabana boy and never coming back to the mainland.
need new clients!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
going to surf, eat no ka oi, then work.
wants the webber mini fish!!! looks so good.
happy hour = bad idea.
is moving to spain!!! no, new zealand. yay. come visit.
off to see COMPANY OF THIEVES. pumped to slay later.
still hungover!! but well worth it.
partyin HB side with tools and my friends.
back to school. on the path to becoming a Physician assistant.
cmon weekend! good shit on the way. ooo oooooo.
Cannot find episode 13 season 1 of MAD MEN!!! what the frick internet!
driving to the LBC.
afi out today. yay
Going to Laughlin???
still dont get the point of the GRE.... who made up these fn words?
frustrated and need motivation!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
surfing sloat in the AM. yay!
dexter is so money
served.
just finished glassing my broken board and im high as shit from the resin. feels wrong.
surf, then continue trying to slay the GRE.
start my new life on monday.
forgot the most important paperwork for tomorrow in LA!!! #@#!@!#R#%#!!!!
it's unpatriotic and Terrorist-embracing to do anything but praise the President like some sort of college cheerleader... Calling people unpatriotic and comparing them to Terrorists for failing to fulfill their solemn duty to praise the President on his Special Day and mindlessly support his accolades isn't clever or tough politics.  It's weak, counter-productive, unprincipled, dumb and dangerous. --*PROPNAME*.
glad i got the flu vaccination. $30 to feel like i have the flu. well spent.
sooooo spent! sleep.
actually excited to be up this early!
would be nice to get some good surf without having to drive allllll the way south; i mean it is my bday.
obama won the Nobel Peace Prize!!!! LAAAAAAAAMMMME!
need to go back to sleep!!!!!!!!!!
has an extra tiger army ticket for this weekend 10//24. $26.
is now trained in changing adult diapers, moving from gurney to bed, and bathing patients. one more step closer to my MPA!!
i dont get it. baseball is super boring.
Just bought my three nights in San Fan! *PROPNAME*.
anyone have any good vocab tricks for memorizing GRE words?!!!! or stuff they can email me?
has an extra Company of Thieves ticket for tomorrow night at the HOB. Lemme know if you want it!! $30
best surf in a while. cant stop smiling. whos going tomorrow?
cannot focus on my exam!!!!!
usc can lick my balls
have an extra Tiger Army ticket for tomorrow night in Hollywood.
T minus 5 years and ill be done with my masters... ill be old too.
anyone wanna surf in the am.... after 10???????!
bout to surf under the golden gate!... before the surf is too huge. hi erik. im sitting next to you; wanna get breakfast?
practicing patient assessment on my mom's daycare kids is more difficult than i thought. haha
The new MUSE is intense! DUcks game 2nite. yay putos.
off to san fran.
anyone know of a place where I can take a condensed organic chem class??
start "insanity" tomorrow. eek.
better ace my exam considering i missed the best day of surfing in a long ass time!!!! so mad right now.
red wings blow
whos in SF and is going out tonight?
going out for the first time in a loong time and my only chance for a long time.
iTunes is soooo bad! im going broke.
cant believe the Ducks traded Pronger! Morons.
last trauma exam tomorrow! ooo ooooo!
surf was amazing this morning. sooooooooo ready for life now.
class 8am - 5pm! snap son.
Gosh darn it!!!! I just saw a group of 5 Jehovah’s witnesses outside my neighbor's house!! That means they are on the way to my house! they saw me get something from my car so they know im home; now im going to have to argue with them.
Practice question for my EMT exam "its early afternoon and the alarm sounds You are called to a scene at a railroad one of the workers is trapped between 2 cars. He is alert and tells you that as soon as the cars are moved he will die. He asks that you leave him alone with his wife and to do nothing heroic. which emotional response to death is your patient exhibiting?" ...uhhhhh how intense is that?!
just bought some rad GRE test prep supplies. Super excited.
final EMT exam and skill exam this week!!! eeeeek.
frick! my chem class is filled up already and i need it or the next two years of my life is messed up!!!!!
damnit ducks!!! WIN SOMETHING!!!
c'mon! couldnt there be a LITTLE SURF on my one day off!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Tiger Army and Bleedning Through! FriggnA
i am thankful for yams.
http:////www.hulu.com//watch//67878//the-future-of-food?c=News-and-Information
have an extra Company of Thieves ticket for next tuesday's show. who wants to go?
2-3 times overhead with occasional 18 ft.and fair to good conditions.
bored and over reading about emergency medicine... this shit can be depressing as hell!!!!
anyone have extra tickets to the rise against show?
the new dexter was bulllshit!!! cant kill rita!!! im seriously sad.
being sick is the cooolest.
going to the AFI rise against show tonight.  I have 2 extra tickets call me if you wanna buy them 714 612 0723.
freakin beat and super hungry.
God, i love the Onion.
passed the national EMT exam; off to find a JOB!!! yaaaaay for money.
mmm, just planned vegas 2009. 23 days and counting.
howard zinn's a people's history of the united states is debuts sunday night and is showing at UCLA tomorrow. Whos coming with me?
hahah wheeler hall is under siege
arrrr!!!!!!!!!!! my only day off and NO surf.
off to RISE AGAINST with gman and blade. you will find us in the parking lot drinking the sparks. you know youre jealous.
off to colorado!!!
so sick kill me now
arrrrrrrr why did they cancel TRAUMA!?
finishing two work orders today then camping tonight and surfing alllll day tomorrow! holler!
has extra tickets to KROQ almost accoustic Xmas... lemme know if u want them.
yay! just got assigned to the Emergency Department for my next rotation at HOAG. super pumped.
start my Emergency Department training tomorrow!! Oo, OOO!
packing for the move back to berkeley. so pumped for some cheeseboard.
total cost for books $310 via school website. I paid $44 for ALL of them on Amazon. How rad is that?!
finally found the chem class that i need!!! its in oakland... just enrolled and get to move back to Berkeley!!!!!!!!
wants to be rich!!!!!!!!!!!!!! filthy. c'mon lotto...
needs some surf!!
so pumped to be moving back to berk!!1 oo, ooooooo!!!
fn bored!!! hi east bay!! where are my old friends??? im hanging out with a chem book all day. and to make things worse, there are no waves anywhere... losing my mind.
has an extra ticket to the Ducks// Sharks game tonight. section203 row M... only the best seats in the house. $26!! Plus you get to sit by me.
online traffic school is exciting.
if you know anyone that works for an ambulance company in the east bay, let me know!!!
c'mon ducks! kill it! i wanna do you
scored a rad position at HOAG hospital as a Clinical Care Extender. On my way to a masters in PA science! holler.
so happy to live in a country where you pay for your education. grand idea!
first day in the ER tomorrow. intense!
on my way to berkeley... im broke need to find an EMT job asap. Sent me $$$. thanks
chemistry is like being punched in the brain.
EMT exam has got me stressssssssing!!!!! ahhhhhhhh. too much crap
can decided whether to be on the USA side or the CAN side for hockey??? leaning canada....
is attic apartment and tornado don't mix...the question is where to take cover?
is wondering why it's not sunny.
Grand slam D *PROPNAME*!!!!
has successfully completed scuba dives 1 and 2!
canoeing during a severe thunderstorm with hail...not a good idea.
Is packed and ready to go to San Francisco//Napa Valley!
is let the San Francisco adventure begin!
No one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick. If you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day. Nor should people be forced to go without insurance because the cost of... "insuring" oneself is more than their cost of living.
Go Hawkeyes!
Is now a certified scuba diver!
Go HAWKS!!! Survived the cold and pulled out a win!
is boycotting the 30% chance of rain//snow on Saturday.
is headed to India over winter break!
Oh tetanus shot, why must you hurt so much?!
will be tailgating at the Iowa game...no rain please!
Go Hawks! Ranked 9th!
Hawkeyes you almost killed me tonight! Thank god we won!
2 classes down...one essay to go. Almost done for the semester!
is wishing I didn't have to proctor an exam at 7:30 am on Monday...I hate mornings.
Harry Potter was excellent!
is done with her fifth semester of graduate school!
just got the oral typhoid vaccine and wonders how many people actually read the informational sheet provided.  I think their references are a little outdated.
is happy to have a new, working laptop.
The only good thing about the 11 hour bus ride from Chennai to Madurai...we didn't die...despite the multiple attempts by the bus driver. Surprisenly we didn't hit any dogs, pedestrians, bicycles, motos, cars or trucks...very surprising.
Wonders why the president is wearing a White Sox coat?
I was attacked by a monkey today on the way to Kodaikanal. Luckly he bit my jeans and not my leg since I hear the rabies shot is not a lot of fun.
Go Iowa!
was handed a random baby at the Temple today for a photo opt...Happy Pongal.
is starting the long process of heading home.
is glad the Hawks won even if I was out in rural India and couldn't watch the game.
purchased my first sari and is wearing it to the New Year's party tonight.
Dear Iowa Winter, you win.
Laissez le bon temps rouler!
thinks that it is impossible to be TOO heavenly minded. Watch. Those who are "too heavenly minded" will do the greatest good here.
A prospering tree does not eat it's own fruit. A prospering tree produces fruit that others might eat.
"knowledge without repentance will be but a torch to light your way to hell"
Hallelujah! Hallelujah! Holy! Holy! Are you Lord God almighty! Worthy is the Lamb, worthy is the Lamb that was slain! Unto you be all glory and honor and praise! May my life bring glory to your name :)
is praying hard to be just one who scatters seed on the earth.
wonders at the absolute absurdity of man's hatred...Christ summed up all the goodness we are capable of in two commands...none of us even follows just one of them.
says happy fathers day! In honor of my heavenly Father, who's never forsaken me or let me down. May you ever be praised, Dad :)
Is going completely insane with anticipation :) T-minus 24 hours til *PROPNAME*'s arrival in Nashville!
God is faithful to His word and to those to whom He has given it
An awakening? Lord awaken the sleeper. Let our eyes burst open to the rising light of Your Spirit. Let Your mercy wash us and let Your holiness mold us into the image of Your Son. Break us with fire and build us from the ashes. Come to life you dry, old b
An awakening? Lord awaken the sleeper. Let our eyes burst open to the rising light of Your Spirit. Let Your mercy wash us and let Your holiness mold us into the image of Your Son. Break us with fire and build us from the ashes. Come to life you dry, old b
Whatever good I do comes not from me. Goodness is of God, and through me He chooses to make His power known. Thank You, Lord.
is being conformed to the image of Christ. Do you want to be like Jesus? Then you must learn something...you must learn how to love someone who does not meet the conditions. It's not easy, but it's not impossible.
Lord let your glory fall as on that ancient day. Let it fall on both of them. Let your grace be made known eternally and mightily.
When paul says "I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me"...I think, "I can do nothing without You, dear Jesus, who strengthens me"
hungers and thirsts for righteousness.
Truly knows so little. Thank You, Oh Lord, that You are wise and You are mighty. Thank You, Lord, that Your grace knows no limits or bounds. I pray You're will be done here on earth as it is in heaven and that we give You glory with our lives.
is. Learning to be at peace and just be is harder than it should be ;). Lord you are. You just ARE. Teach me to be like you. Teach me to be.
will gladly boast in his weaknesses. When I am weak, then He is strong. Your might, oh Lord is endless. Please cover over me. Please cover over your beloved..Lest we  all fall in overwhelming shame under the weight of our imperfections.
let me be one who leans on his staff in the last days...broken and weak, and in that weakness let me lift my hands in honor and praise to He who saved me by His own merit. Thank You dear Father who makes His goodness known in me. May You be glorified.
is a tax collector who standing afar off would not even raise his eyes to heaven. I pray, "God, be merciful to me, a sinner."
stop regarding men. What account is he? --isaiah 2:22.. We are nothing more than a nose-full of breath. Oh man, how frail are you? Why do you expect regard? Why do I?
is a deer panting for your living water. I thirst for the living God and in my thirst I need your rest. Precious Lord, carry me for even at my strongest I lack the strength to stand on my own. Amen
Gimme your eyes for just one second. Gimme your eyes so I can see. Everything that I keep missin, gimme your love for humanity. Gimme your arms for the broken-hearted, the ones that are far beyond my reach...
Jesus. You're the lover of my soul. Jesus. I will never let you go. You've taken me from the mirey place; set my feet upon the rock, and now I know...
is excited her :D For serious, that's all i can think about
Because you, oh Lord, are He who created all things, sustains all things, and knows all things. All things came from you, are of you, and will return unto your breast from whence they came. Blessing and honor and glory to you, oh Father. This is the song of my spirit...praising its origin. You. My God.
is excited to see her :D For serious, that's all i can think about
Lord, be my portion. Christ trusted you to provide all the help He ever needed. Let me do the same.
loves being broken. It means I fought hard and didn't give up. I'll wrestle with you, oh God of Jacob, and I won't let go.
thinks its a kind of non-funny cosmic joke that if he really ever does defeat pride...he will find himself proud of his humility. :P Good call *PROPNAME*
Let me know you more deeply and truely, oh Lord. There are none who know you completely, and so I pray that YOU show me. Your ways are perfect and I want my life to sing your praise. Let me walk with love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, gentleness, and self-control. Against such things there is no law.
Dude, I'm freaking engaged! To the sweetest angel of a fiance ever! Thank you Lord for your love through this woman :D
I love *PROPNAME* 0:)
is anxiously attached. I don't know how to ask for help. And I don't know how to accept it. ---i'll drag my own intestines back to dyer, thank you very much.
"hope in a wasteland of faith; stone figures hewn down; blood flowing through ancient sewers"
I can't remember when the earth turned slowly...so i'll just wait here with the lights turned out again. I lost my place, but I can't stop this story. I'll find my way, but til then I'm only...spinning
Lord please bless our time together. Its so difficult to go so long without being with the treasure You have graced my life with. I pray that you bring her to me safely and that I pursue her well.
This will probably take a good long while to get used to :) I think I'm still in shock. Haha. I have a fiance. Wow. And not just any fiance; I am pursuing the pearl of great value :D
Everlasting, Eternal One, Zealous Conqueror, Creator, Sustainer, Almighty...how can I appeal to your highest pleasure. What can I bring to you that you do not already have? Vanity. Even to define my mission as one to bring you glory is utter foolishness. What can I lift up with these dirty hands? What can I sing with defiled lips?
is waiting on the Lord this morning
To understand how ridiculously excited I am to see my fiance, you must first win the lottery, do somersaults, run a hundred miles effortlessly, wake up to birds chirping, eat a super-yummy meal, and be addicted to oxygen...then you might get close to scratching the surface. Maybe
is examining himself. 2 Cor 13:5. Testing himself to see if he is in the faith. Work out your salvation with fear and trembling for it is God who works in you to will and to act according to His good purpose. Phillipians 2:12-13
we're goin down down in an earlier round...a loaded god complex is pointed right at us. Lord, please be God here. Please bless our hearts of love
bring on this semester :) What fun things will I learn?? Only God knows :) ..someone's always missing from this campus though.. last term without her...sigh*
is with his darling...oh what simple things many take for granted. Thank you Lord for your gift of life. Thank you Lord for *PROPNAME* :)
"I know what lies beyond this life for me is already won. No one can take away the blood that covers over my bones. Without the blood of perfect life I know I'm nothing at all."
is not with his darling anymore :( sad day(s)...Lord, be my sustanence as you always are. Especially now that much of my joy is 700 miles away from me. I love you *PROPNAME*, and I miss you!
"We are the sons of holy wrath,A shining light in the darkThe ones who walk amongst despair,No sign of fear in our hearts"
6am on a saturday is far to early to drag one's self out of bed...ugh, God thank you for this morning..even though I'd like to be sleeping it away...It really is a beautiful morning :)
What makes people happy? Apparently we really suck at knowing what makes us happy. Its a measurable, replicable scientific fact. I dunno why that strikes me funny. lol. Lord, teach us to be joyful in you.
I don't know how it all works. I don't know why. I don't know how. I just am who you made me. I have what you gave me. Let me be yours. Please take all I have as yours. Let me be holy and of you. I desire for my life to boil your vapor from my skin forever. Burn everlasting flame. Flinted face, calloused knuckles, and grinding teeth...my best. That's what you got.
"I believe the world is burning to the ground. Oh well, I guess we're gonna find out"--How far have we come, Lord? Let us make the most of the time we do have here. We waste TOO much time on so many things that don't matter. Its not worth it. Really.
life never seems to stop changing. Its crazy to think college is almost over. Wow. Lord, please guide the steps of my life as it is so formless yet traced before me.
Dude, its freaking snowing!!!!! Yay!!!! Let's play in it!
"I gotta feelin. Woohoo...that tonight's gonna be a good night" :) I like it when prayer's answered sweetly and things work out well. Thanks God :)
So much to say. So much to do. So much to be. So little time. 24 hours is already to small an amount of time. Its hard to be without you.
Does it really take cancer or death to bring us to have a heart for our family? Really? Lord, at this rate, it'll take You coming on the clouds, blowing our minds and shaking us from our complacent lives...complacent in the daily grind. Complacent in our justifiable self-pity. Complacent in our self-centeredness. It'll take You to show us how wrong we all are.
has walked a thousand miles with grace so far. I could walk like this forever...Jesus how can you be so good to me?? May you be praised in every step I take. Always
"I believe it all is coming to an end. Oh well, I guess we're gonna pretend". Ever feel like a five-year-old who is content to cover his//her eyes to feel safe and secure? If I can't see you, you can't see me..lol..I want us all to stop ignoring the important things. They won't go away if you ignore them. I promise.
neoplatonic thinking postulates "the one" is infinite and gives rise, eventually, to this world of 'becoming". Lord you were, are, and forever will be. My one. May I draw all life and thought from Your essential creativity. May I be made to be like Your form. Good.
I like where we are. here :)...except...where's my julie?????? :(((. I don't like where we are anymore...
"No demanding without understanding" --*PROPNAME*
"Ever since the day I was born i've been deciding the end..." let your light guide my way, oh Lord. You are the great shepherd.
As long as I'm alive, I'd die for you. Thank You Lord for your love and Your awakening it within me.
"All these weirdos, and me getting a little better every day...I had never known...that there might be a place for people like us"--*PROPNAME*
"Wilt thou change this world... Or wilt thou change thyself?"...can't i do both?
*PROPNAME*. The spice of life. Apparently its one of my signature strengths :). How can I help make your life more adventurous today? Thank you, Lord, for making me salt and light.
Screw you AXLE
"why art thou cast down oh my soul?" Oh yeah, because my darling isn't here. Lord, this is a high calling indeed.
Thank you, Lord, for today :) The day that three  years ago you let me start to make mine the most amazing woman ever! :) I love you *PROPNAME* :)
Happy Valentine's day everybody! And especially   to my sweet fiancee (with two "e's"), *PROPNAME* , who makes this day very very  special  for me! Hey ya'll don't take for granted that you can hold the  one you  love in your arms. I'd give both of my arms just to see my love  right  now.
Though the air is cold outside, I pray You warm our hearts with Your love.
is baking a cherry pie from scratch :-)
found Scorpius!
is still recovering from shock after seeing my 7th grade science teacher at a certain bar
enjoys reading *PROPNAME*'s facebook status updates.
just learned from Wikipedia what Gropecunt Lane is, and is somewhat abashed.
is excited for being able to spot the Summer Triangle. Not to be confused with the Bermuda Triangle.
is excited about making a chocolate mousse torte. :)
is now addicted to Mafia Wars. Thanks *PROPNAME*!
Strawberries make everything better :)
Mono is no fun :(
is looking forward to *PROPNAME* tonight.
is quickly learning that when making a French dish to be prepared to pour whole bottles of wine into the sauce lol
I <3 House of Pies! :D
Happy National Coming Out Day!
This Coq au Vin recipe calls for 2 full bottles of wine to go into the sauce. Gotta love the French! :)
http:////www.youtube.com//watch?v=RTPpbHueNJ4
I made my first bouquet garni today :).
Undecided about seeing "The Fourth Kind" after reading a ton of horrible reviews on it...
is such a Gleek.
Mag-usap tayo sa Tagalog!
I <3 *PROPNAME*!
saw a homeless guy on the side of the road holding up a sign that said "Why Lie, Need Beer". Picture to be uploaded soon!
It's snowing in Houston!
Very disappointed that the NY legislature voted against legalizing gay marriage.
Ice skating in Houston = Melted ice and rain...still fun however :)
Excited about seeing the Nutcracker tomorrow :)
It is so heartbreaking watching a loved one deal with the progression of Parkinson's disease :(
I've got yellow fever! :p
It's projected to snow 3-5 inches tomorrow in Houston! :)
A good friend passed away suddenly this morning. Keeping her in my thoughts.
Houston, the fourth largest city in the U.S., has elected its first openly gay mayor *PROPNAME* :)
Why does Facebook think I speak Dutch?
"It is no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society." -*PROPNAME*
is enjoying talking to random people on omegle.com
enjoyed looking at $110,000 pianos with *PROPNAME* yesterday :)
I hope everyone had a wonderful Thanksgiving!
Saw avatar in 3D, it was awesome! Go see it everyone :)
Nothing quite like going to the park and seeing a vulture munch on a gutted squirrel, turn to look at you, and precede to empty its bowels with a loud *squirt*
About to make a triple layer chocolate mousse torte for tomorrow :)
"The whole purpose of religion is to facilitate love and compassion, patience, tolerance, humility, forgiveness." --H.H. the Dalai Lama
Note to self: NEVER try to make candy canes or any other hard sugar candy without at least 2 other people around to immediate shape the candy and clean it off the dishes before it hardens. Otherwise, it will be stuck on everything and take repeated re-heating and scraping to get it off :(
Merry Christmas everyone :)
Mexico City legalized gay marriage and adoptions! =)
"On the sixth day, God created man. On the seventh day, man returned the favor."
Happy New Year!
Home alone on TV :)
"Love and compassion are necessities, not luxuries. Without them humanity cannot survive" - Dalai Lama
If I can stop one heart from breaking, I shall not live in vain; If I can ease one life the aching, Or cool one pain, Or help one fainting robin, Unto his nest again, I shall not live in vain. - *PROPNAME*
Cheesecake turned out amazing! Almost as fun to eat as it was to make :)
Keeping the people of Haiti in my thoughts
Memento is a trippy movie!
Looking forward to going up in a hot air balloon above Discovery Green :-)
Starbuck's Caramel Apple Spice = <3
watched the movie 'Saved' this weekend and loved it!
"If you wish to make an apple pie truly from scratch, you must first invent the universe." - *PROPNAME*
Sometimes I think the surest sign that intelligent life exists elsewhere in the universe is that none of it has tried to contact us. -- *PROPNAME*
*PROPNAME*'s cheesecake shake makes me happy :-)
"Nature and nature's laws lay hid in the night. God said, Let *PROPNAME* be! and all was light!" - *PROPNAME*
Had a great birthday dinner at Carraba's with family :-)
My new favorite word is Weltanschauung :-)
cage match: nyquil versus summer cold. ONE NIGHT ONLY! who will be victorious?
excited for the wilco show tomorrow!
would like to thank everyone for the birthday wishes and death threats it means alot
i better pay the library 3.60 or the man is coming to my house
framed roger rabbit
great victory over the cold
is almost 26!
taking the Friday train to weekend town
survived the fair it was a good time
WILCO OR BUST YEEHAW!!1!!11
preparing for another day of boiling
is enjoying some tahoe sunshine
is off to dreamland
Tahoe, Here we come!
had a great weekend thanks to everyone who showed for the terrible t-shirt party
GI JOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOE!
the spice exists in all of us
is convinced that work causes gradually increasing brain damage to the point that at 5:00PM he is unable to form complete sentences or recognize faces.
The King of Pop is dead. :(
Lakers: Raised to the 5th Power
Happy 4th of July People!
sacrificial furniture pit out side of my house. If anyone wants a dresser, couch, or portable AC unit. Stop by the palace in petaluma
is playing real life tetris with moving boxes
MOVERAMA! part 5: Our intrepid heroes are beset on all sides by tragedy as the movers have backed the truck into a car. Will our courageous cast live to see Novato, or will their new living quarters be the Marin County Home for The Destitute and Ill-At-He
patch//paint//spackle attack
pack up the boxes, move the boxes, unpack the boxes, live out of boxes, box the boxes. BOX BOX WR#T%R$TY%RYHtg!@##$$#
as the laziest man on earth, moving makes me sad.
hide away!
loves summer evenings
after along sleepless week, I am pulling my old man card and going to bed before 12:00 on a Friday nights. Now if I can just find my dentures and cane
dinner with *PROPNAME*!
MOVERAMA! part four: My floor is my bed, my dresser is in the garage, and I have set fire to all non essentials. Now comes periods of existential dread and sheer ecstasy as my house collapses in on itself
looking forward to checking *PROPNAME* out of the the post-bar mental institution. Congrats to all you bar -takers out there!
well i am confident i got more spackle and paint on myself than the wall, but we both do look fabulous!
Dedicate yourself to the good you deserve and desire for yourself. Give yourself peace of mind. You deserve to be happy. You deserve delight. *PROPNAME*
phish at shoreline tonight
Lakers can haz championship!
The King of Pop could be dead :(
is baking cookies in his room...because it is an oven
just got his marin county library card. Let the nerdery commence!
is Sleepy McSleeperson
Compassion alone stands apart from the continuous traffic between good and evil proceeding within us. *PROPNAME*
gym=the hurt
no sleep make brain work bad.
just tested curb hopping the subaru with *PROPNAME* in SR. I laughed so hard I think I broke something
Accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together, but do so with all your heart. *PROPNAME*
Hamlet: And therefore as a stranger give it welcome. There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, Than are dreamt of in your philosophy. Hamlet Act 1, scene 5, 159–167
looking forward to all the terrible t-shirts!
back at the Petaluma Palace
left his heart in san francisco and thus had a massive coronary arrest upon exiting the city
dugout bar tonight. Live it.Love it.
up in Tahoe and there is not a cloud in the sky. Its a beautiful day to be alive
oh the hazards of love
once more unto the breach...
back from magical nappy-noo land. Man did I need it.
doing the walk through with the landlord today. An epic battle of wills commences
July 4th=Extra servings of gaperade
looking forward to spamalot
is ready for a nappy-noo
MOVERAMA! Final Act: Despite devious brigands, terrifying creatures, and a run in with a band of pygmy cannibals, our loyal cast has finally arrived in the principality of Novato!
When we are no longer able to change a situation - we are challenged to change ourselves. Viktor E. Frankl
out of the mountains and into the bay
of to the dentist to get work done on the grill
purging the non-believers from the itunes library
is excited for the fair. Cotton candy, shady carnies, and rides that fall apart as you ride them
off to the mountains to visit the peeps!
To sleep: perchance to dream: ay, there's the rub;
come one come all *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* are playing britfest in Truckee. Its a guaranteed good time!
moverama round three: this time the whole world is moving, at least inside my head
getting down with the sickness  :(
the headache gremlin is back
Happy Father's Day to the Old Man and the rest of you Dad's out there!
is out of Petaluma in a month and down to novato. Camp Lotsafun is shutting down :(
is glad his room is now a little cooler than the surface of the sun
after this week The Move will finally be at an end thank you sweet Jesus
time to step out of the internet and get some sun
my brain=monday molasses
wireless card beats wireless adapter thank god for steady internetz
setting the lazyometer to 11
monday night malaise
"Hell is empty And all the devils are here" - William Shakespeare, The Tempest, 1.2
Friday I'm in love
its going to be a boiling, yet beautiful day
wistfully working
ready for nappy noo time
hanging with the parental units
monday morning why do you come on so strong?
shakespeare in the park not a bad way to spend a sunday
We must embrace pain and burn it as fuel for our journey.  ~*PROPNAME*
tis a lovely night for a stroll
razzle dazzle cafe zazzle!
I enjoy Thursdays masquerading as Fridays
portland was fun but its good to see the sun
after months of procrastinating, I am finally  watching the last season of battlestar galactica
the teeth are now in open revolt. I must make an appeal to the dentist  tomorrow to quell political unrest
insurance just checked in to see what condition my pre-existing condition was in
oh Portland, how i love thee
Today you are You, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is Youer than You.  *PROPNAME*
I fought the box and the box won :(
grumpy mcgrumperson
whiskey a go-go!
bills for my grill
We are the music-makers, And we are the dreamers of dreams *PROPNAME*
i can haz dinner?
drink em if ya got em. Its the big one today
giants game tonight
finally feeling somewhat moved in. It might be a miracle folks!
Only Robinson Crusoe had everything done by Friday.  ~Author Unknown
my body doth protest about the gym
Sol Food For Lunch!
is getting disturbed by the deer in the meadow. They seem to be edging ever closer...they can smell fear
sleepy mcsleeperson
All great deeds and all great thoughts have a ridiculous beginning. Great works are often born on a street corner or in a restaurant's revolving door. *PROPNAME*
mondaze
just got tickets to the phish show at shoreline!
the dentist man cometh at 12:00
well after being moved in for months I finally hung up some pictures.  go go lack of motivation!
grilling and good beer. A pretty awesome way to spend a saturday night
We are at the very beginning of time for the human race. It is not unreasonable that we grapple with problems. But there are tens of thousands of years in the future. Our responsibility is to do what we can, learn what we can, improve the solutions, and pass them on. *PROPNAME*
mondazed
monday morning brain is broken
i is teh tired
breaking the intarnetz
being on a diet means I have to eat such strange things as fruit and vegetables, who would have thought?
hardly strictly tomorrow may we all have fun and make it out alive
Friday afternoon catatonia
made it back from the festival. A coupla of bee stings and whiskey draught and some awesome tunes...what an awesome day
the tooth uprising has been quelled thanks to the loyalist forces of the dentist. My mouth remains a politically intact less painful region
beestings still itch like its going out of style. docta says I need a beeiotomy
The robbed that smiles, steals something from the thief.  ~William Shakespeare, Othello
the teeth are rebelling
season 3 of dexter is keeping it pretty real
yeah steelers!
nappy noo time
it was so cold this morning I am pretty sure that I hallucinated polar bears and penguins on the way to my car
trying out chrome for the first time seems pretty quick on the uptake
if the itching continues from the stings I am just going to go with amputation peg legs are in fashion
the new muse album is awesome
and with the onset of autumn comes the autumn cold. fml
boise idaho or bust
got a bronze medal for the mps run!
Boise, Idaho Day 3. French Fries are happiness deep-fried
having no bay bridge makes me sad
has won the  nobel prize for procrastination and ineptitude thank god they made some new categories this year
its a hot one folks
kind of digging the weird weather today
back in cal woo hoo!
after a crazy week of travelling finally back in ca.
looks like it is time to convert the old subaru into a rowboat. My name is Captain *PROPNAME*
Hey All The Good Old Tahoma Lodge now has a fan page. Please join to support Boyce and Kay, or to remember the good times.
the spice exists in all of us
breaking the internet
happy halloween people try not to mix the booze and the candy too much!
setting the lazy dial to 11
we could go gently into the good night, or we could have a drink and toast the coming dawn
waiting for november to get the cold weather memo
In Cal for one day then back out to see the family in Portland. Vagabonds R Us
it smells like a sulfur vent has opened underneath our building. Next comes volcanic ash and burning
kevin smith tonight!
Thor the Thunder God is knocking at my door
its opening day at *PROPNAME* Memorial Park for Cold Season! BOO! :(
beam me up scotty!
october is a packed festival month! hardly strictly this wknd, then onto treasure island in a coupla weeks!
bee stings itch
“Speed is not part of the true Way of strategy. Speed implies that things seem fast or slow, according to whether or not they are in rhythm. Whatever the Way, the master of strategy does not appear fast….Of course, slowness is bad. Really skillful people never get out of time, and are always deliberate, and never appear busy.”  *PROPNAME*
Not what we have But what we enjoy, constitutes our abundance. Epicurus
Boise, Idaho day 2. Where there is hope, there is potatoes
HARDLY STRICTLY OR BUST!
ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ
good times in the mountains. Now I return to do battle with the nefarious arch-villain monday
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people's thinking. Don't let the noise of other's opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow already know what you truly want to become. Everything else is secondary.” Steve Jobs
my immune system is battling the cold. There is most uncivil war going on in the body. Collateral damage may be my ability to breathe and form coherent sentences
kevin smith and halloween this wknd. shaping up to be a big one
my body doth protest about ye olde basketballe yesterday. At least we gave the youngsters a good beat down.
the hour doth approach
monday night madness at work. Ask not for whom the work bell rings, it rings for *PROPNAME*
art show! Someone might mistake us  being sophisticated
sleep good. me like sleep.
cold but sunny here in the mountains
good times up in the northern reaches. Hoping everyone is still intact from Santarchy
Be content to seem what you really are. *PROPNAME*
the endorphin rush of going to the gym after three weeks of being fat and lazy is a nice change of pace
mexican standoff with monday tomorrow at 8:00AM
holiday party: This means even Santa is going to drink.
congrats to the newly weds!
going up to the halls of the mountain king to see if he has any turkey to offer. Happy Turkey day to all of you out there in the interwebs :)
everyone has their own anodyne
happy holidays everyone
doctor says i need a backiotomy from all this moving
If the children don't grow up Our bodies get bigger but our hearts get torn up We're just a million little gods causing rainstorms  Turning every good thing to rust
gypsies have carried the furniture off into the night
"We are the music makers,And we are the dreamers of dreams,Wandering by lone sea-breakers,And sitting by desolate streams;—World-losers and world-forsakers,On whom the pale moon gleams:Yet we are the movers and shakersOf the world for ever, it seems." *PROPNAME*
Some people walk in the rain, others just get wet.  *PROPNAME*
I get on the road to Tahoe tomorrow to do battle with tourists, the law, and this fat elf man with reindeer that everyone keeps talking about
Most of our platitudes notwithstanding, self-deception remains the most difficult deception. The tricks that worked on others count for nothing in that very well-lit back alley where one keeps assignations with oneself: no winning smiles will do here, no prettily drawn list of good intentions. - *PROPNAME*
currently addicted to the latest Wilco album
gotta love it when they seal the floors in the building and there is no ventilation. I predict general sleepiness and permanent brain damage by noon
Hutchins Ahoy!
I wantz to see avatar in 3d
There is no need for temples, no need for complicated philosophies. My brain and my heart are my temples; my philosophy is kindness. Dalai Lama
back to work tomorrow. If I can remember where I work and what I did for work before the year ended.
Metaphysics is a restaurant where they give you a thirty thousand page menu, and no food. *PROPNAME*
this new diet has opened a whole new world of cuisine. tonight's dish prisoner-of-war stew with beans, rice, and more beans.
the tax man cometh
fighting the good fight or at least trying
monday morning= broken brain
"Beyond mountains there are mountains." - Haitian Proverb
“Hell is empty and all the devils are here.” Shakespeare
cheer up emo kid
So it goes.
When the student is ready, the teacher will appear. ... Buddhist Proverb
nothing like having stuff stolen out of your car to brighten your day. Go humanity!
apparently my fb account emailed a bunch of people malware. If you received a facebook email from me with a  one line response and link to a website please disregard it and delete it
and now for somethign completely different
back in the habit
Friday why do you come on so strong?
well survived the city and SFO in the pouring rain and managed to not get eaten by a sea monster all in all a good day
Good to see Tahoe kids pulling some medals. Congrats *PROPNAME*!
We're the tattooed lady, and we're never going to have a minute's peace, the rest of our lives, until everybody else is tattooed, too."   - *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*.   The world will miss you :(
is excited to pop chuckies natives cherry!
If you read this, even if we don't speak often, post a comment with a memory of you and me. It can be anything you want! When you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status and you'll be surprised at what people remember about you.
has an interview in 30...SO NERVOUS!!!
out for the day with my man
is definitely a nerd.  just freaked out on jaye because i thought we left the 3D glasses at the movie store...
was looking for a job and ended up with two...
Dear rain, I have a wonderful day of boating and friends ahead of me so please go away... Sincerely, Barb
anyone wanna join me, renee and chaz at the bar tonight?
going out with the other interns and renee?  tonight is going to be an interesting night...
things to remember while watching a scary movie.. 1. the phone line ALWAYS gets cut or cell phones get lost// broken or they never have service 2. the power ALWAYS gets turned off 3. one of the girls gets hurt and miraculously breaks an ankle// leg 4. there
a reggae band covering one of the best beatles albums?!?!  my life is now complete:)
we all threw it back forcefully to THE NATIVES tonight...love you jaye!!!
what an adventurous night...filled with the natives, crazy screaming men and a half-naked girl...what a great night!!!!!
another adventurous night with the natives...going to holland this time!!!
good bye el...until sunday!!
i want to go to the bar tonight...is that too much to ask?
i woke up with the roots stuck in my head...weird
i feel like my insides have turned into goo and are going to seep out my pores at any minute...
is starting to like her new room in the basement...
having people over tonight...call me if you wanna come over!
GOING ON AN ADVENTURE...to kalamazoo!!!  bitches are jealous!
ugh...thursday can not come fast enough
ugh...i need a job:(
finally...the inspection is over and the house looks awesome!
is pumped to see harry potter with chaz...you are the best bf ever!
had a wonderful two days on boat...
what a freaking wonderful night...in both good and bad ways!
is getting a cold...
how did i go from having nothing to do all the time to being unbelievably busy in a matter of 2 days?
party at my place.  call the cell to join...
karma is a bitch isn't it???
goodbye EL...see you tomorrow
home alone...and terribly bored:(
is completely uncomfortable....
going to see inglourious basterds with the boy...
partying at my place tonight...call me if you wanna join!!
NACHOFEST!!!!
i wish things could change...sadly i know they never will.  time to face reality.
not wearing a bra to the bar is a TERRIBLE idea...
will be at the library for the rest of life...
just realized that i will never get a break from studying// school...
so my phone decide that it isn't accepting phone calls at the moment..for now all i have is texts, ugh i hate technology
up earlier than most everyone in EL and trying to study...but chaz stole my damn RED BULL!!
awesome way to start the week...NOT
is having a competition with the man to see who can finish a word search the fastest...we are nerds
migraine...ugh
i reeeaaallllyyyy want to see taking woodstock...
bar tonight?  anyone want to join me??
i got bit by a pig yesterday and now my finger hurts...
rob zombie just disappointed me...never thought that would happen.
going out with my man to see a play!!  NACHOFEST TOMORRROW!!!!
please stop smoking cigarettes in my house...or i might kill you..
yes!!!  its almost been two long years...finally reunited and it feels so good!!
yes...got the house to myself!!!!
is off to ruperts for the night!
studying until my eyeballs fall out.  have to make up for the two weeks i missed...
facebook stalking = FALKING!!! hahaha i love you angie!
relocated to espresso royale...ugh so much to get done:(
i can't get over this hilariousness. i was listening to npr the other day and this guy was interviewing a band. the band was a bunch of science nerds that made science songs. one of their songs was called my brother the chimp or something and they talked about how they believed in evolution. guy interviewing them goes...so what was the genesis of this song. i laughed. hard. and still think its funny...the end
relocated for the last time...still studying but at home.  what a long confusing day:(
oh i am such a sucker for a nerdy guy...
i am having a hard time studying..
ONLY FIVE MORE DAYS UNTIL I GET SEE ANGIE!!!!!!
ugh...nothing productive has come out of this day...
spending my saturday the best way...at the library with ALEX!
oh mysterious man whose voice sounds like seth rogen, i fell in love with you and i didn't even see your face...
i feel like shit...
i am not one to get into the christmas cheer but damn it i want to watch a charlie brown christmas...
attempting to finish this 10 page paper...
i am stuck in battlecreek for the night...ugh i hate snow sometimes.
a porn star just asked to move into our house...
girls sitting next to me at the coffee shop are discussing STD's loudly...wonderful.
i just want today to be over already...
is very sore and very tired...
work, then to the lib with alex all night
just calculated my carbon foot print...SICK!
ALMOST DONE WITH MY SEMESTER!!
yay...i finally get to see *PROPNAME*'s lovely face and spend the holiday with the *PROPNAME*!!  Wish you were with us *PROPNAME*!!!
still attempting to finish this 10 page paper...
i just bought books and booked a flight for chaz and i to DENVER!!!
FINALLY DONE!!!
ugh...i hate landlords and i hate renting...
keep the people of haiti and their families, in your thoughts.  DONATE IF YOU CAN!!
is soo sore...but thats what happens when you fall down the stairs and bruise your entire left side:(
ahh it is so nice when i am soo productive...
THANKS FOR ALL OF THE BIRTHDAY WISHES EVERYONE!!!  I HAD A GREAT DAY!!!
needs to stop slacking...
oww...broke my pinky toe, AGAIN...
homework and babysitting all day...brought the wii to entertain my two favorite twins!!!
sledding with the kids, death trap of a wooden sled and snowball fights...gotta love michigan!
i just listened to waiting for my ruca by sublime and it made me think of *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*.  ugh, i miss you guys!
wish i wouldn't have procrastinated all weekend!!  my paper draft SUCKS...
trying to be productive at the lib with *PROPNAME*...
a bar with bright pink walls and mounted deer head...and i got a rose from elvis.  absolutely wonderful night!
haha no public speaking for me today...CLASS IS CANCELLED!
says "Sorry Orlando but *PROPNAME* failed the Heat. He was always going to fail you."
thinks the Orlando Magic should change their name to the Orlando Joke.
My mother saw the Proposal without me so I've lost my excuse to go see it.
There's nothing less cool than being exhausted from hours of not doing a damn thing at all.
HEY! Have you heard the news? *PROPNAME* died. NO! Say it isn't so, *PROPNAME* died.
I'm trying hard not to meet you when I'm sleeping.
Let's talk about how much fun we had about fucking the world.
would you believe I forgot to enter the football lottery?
has a new medicine. It's 100 movie channels on a television.
I'll jump and kick and bite and scratch and scream until I'm blue in the face.
DYSLEXIA FOR CURE DISCOVERED.
will be at Monday Night Raw in Orlando tonight. I'll be the one promoting "Straight *PROPNAME*'s Man Slammin' Max-Out."
is getting Saddr & Weirdr.
is filling up boxes and boxes and soon I'll get in one too.
*PROPNAME* was pardoned today for having romantic ties with a white woman in 1908. Now... racism is dead.
is back to thinking about nowhere.
can't lie. He misses Gainesville, everyone in it and can't wait to get back.
Denver tried to keep me.
Net Worth: $1,000.
still has a moustahce.
I'm fucking scared of the future.
It's official. I'm boring.
is moved in at Loft Oasis and very pleased.
There is no rest for the whiny.
is going to go visit the homie locked up in the joint.
To all my friends out there, I better not have to visit any of you at a jail house. Looking at a good friend through some glass is depressing.
Do I party too much or do I not party enough?
Chia-like, I shall grow.
There's nothing to do but eat Ritz crackers and neglect school work.
has the only story that is open, baby. He only sells beer and he only sells ice cream.
Never trust a man without an embarrassing secret.
Shutter Island got pushed back to February. I'm sort of thankful because that's $8 less I have to spend this semester.
I have to eat up this week because I'm spending next week with hippies and they serve nothing but vegan food.
Flirt with disease I'm concerned with HIV Keep health and hygiene a secret from you and me See her name and life behind a scene of fiends She wants to be famous overnight but this her eulogy
Cold Chillin', Cold Chillin'
Why would anyone want to screw over the Undertaker?
If we can't do it together, then we'll do it apart.
just remembered how much he likes The Strokes.
is *PROPNAME* for the next week. If no one hears from me for awhile, start reading the Denver Post.
made it home somehow.
Can *PROPNAME* hurry up and prove me right already?
is OLD & UNPROFESSIONAL.
Read about a horror movie you'll otherwise overlook on my site page. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m10d6-Trick-r-Treat
Please... one more beer... then grow up.
If you all want a beer brewing club at UF, then wish me and my wolf pack luck tomorrow.
How many licks does it take to get to the center of your universe?
My prediction for the upcoming NFL season: Fuck *PROPNAME*.
It Might Get Loud' in my latest article. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m10d9-It-Might-Get-Loud
It's Easter! Teebow is resurrected.
I bleed articles for your wholesale. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m10d22-New-Movies-Woo
This unconformity is conformity.
Read as I get angry in my latest article. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m10d11-STOP-THIS-MAN
wants to thank you in his latest article. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m10d20-Im-So-Proud-of-You
*PROPNAME* is almost plays almost as bad as *PROPNAME*.
I'd rather steal your whiskey than your heart in conversation.
Read this and get excited for films. http:////www.examiner.com//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m10d13-Revolution
Just like I called it. *PROPNAME* put up zeros across the board today.
Read about *PROPNAME* on my site page. He's a real happening dude. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m10d16-Richard-Kidd-Man-of-1000-effects
I hope everyone else enjoys their NFL Sunday. I'll be taking the GRE.
Read about where you can see some vampires.http:////www.examiner.com//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m10d26-ALL-VAMPIRES-ALL-WEEK
just cries and cries without ever knowing why.
I went to bed at midnight last night and woke up at 5:30pm. Whoa.
*PROPNAME* is an asshole.
Getting letters of recommendation is a stress.
Wrote a quick article on *PROPNAME*. Check it out. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m11d2-Roger-Beebe
didn't know it was the forest spirit that made the plants grow.
Read about what's playing at the *PROPNAME* Union, dammit! http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m10d19-Adam
Is there anyone out there who can write me a good letter of recommendation?
comes with a dipping sauce.
Love everything about going home except the traffic.
My foot really hurts. How do I know if it is broken?
Read my review of Precious. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m11d22-Precious
Check out my review of Pirate Radio. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m11d16-Pirate-Radio
Dear Jets, Your defense ain't shit. *PROPNAME* is a cry baby who got showed up by *PROPNAME*. You can't touch Miami. Stop debating it.
saw Old Dogs...the things I do for my parents.
Back like a sequel. I take a look at the career of *PROPNAME* in honor of his visit to UF this tuesday. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m11d8-Brett-Ratner-aka-Boring-Guy
We're talking Christmas movies in my latest article. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m12d6-Best-Christmas-Movies
Bring back the double feature and find out how by reading my latest article. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m10d30-Double-Feature
My readership is down but you can bring it up by reading this personal piece I wrote for you all. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m10d28-Why-We-Go-To-Movies
Let's talk about how much fun we had when we were fucking the world.
You all are going to party at my funeral because mourning is for suckers.
The GRE has been passed. Tonight, we eat chicken wings and watch half naked men punch each other.
never realized how boring life is until I lost my cable.
didn't get fired, got laid off. didn't get fired, got laid off.
made it through 30 minutes of Cannibal Holocaust. I believe in artisitic expression and everything but damn...this is pushing it.
my status update keeps screwing up. But I will be doing comedy at 1982 tonight with other great comics. Stop on by at 9pm.
has to be at work at 7am. Wait...since when do I have a job?
What should I write about for my next article? What do you guys want to read about?
Everybody has a price.
doesn't get the point of minus grades. They're only there to make my transcript less glamorous.
is just trying to find a fb status that doesn't bother anybody.
Just when you think the yankees have enough superstars, they go and get *PROPNAME*.
loves alcohol and women.
is depressed and beautiful.
Read about my latest theater ventures. Thanks for getting me a holiday bonus, btw. http:////www.examiner.com//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m12d23-Holidays-at-the-movies
is dumb.
Whatever happened to *PROPNAME*?
You're going to want to read my latest article because this one is about Death Factory. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2009m12d29-Nothing-to-do-but-visit-the-Factory
2010
Someday my skill set will be wanted.
Can't wait to sleep forever.
What did I think of the movies 2009 had to offer? Read about it here. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2010m1d6-2009-Superlatives
is no longer going to just stand there. This time, I'm going to bust a move.
Some movies plan piss me off. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2010m1d13-Anger-In-Celluloid
You could die and nobody would care.
If you didn't fuck my ex-girlfriend, I would still owe you three thousand dollars.
Check out what I've got written for The Book of *PROPNAME*. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2010m1d17-The-Book-of-Eli
Another film review already? Well, it was a three day weekend. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2010m1d18-The-Imaginarium-of-Dr-Parnussus
will probably be getting drunk tonight and tomorrow night. Be ready for my text messages.
Dude, get with the program.
writes briefly on our expectations of films. http:////www.examiner.com//examiner//x-24676-Gainesville-Film-Industry-Examiner~y2010m1d20-DANGER-Expectations
If I wasn't such a dork than I don't think I'd have the friends that I do. I love you guys.
Thanks to everyone who came out to last night's Gator Nights show. It was a blast.
still working on getting paid to say dumb things.
Kid Rock was right. We should all just be cowboys.
has an interview with the FSU Film School on the 26th. Big things poppin'.
Performing stand up comedy thursday night and friday night. That's two chances to see me and be a real friend. Or else it's real pain for my sham friends.
You could die and we'd all really care.
My pay check is like your pay check only without all the zeros.
Doing two shows this week. Tuesday night at 9pm at 1982 and Thursday Night at 9pm at the Clarion Inn.
THOSE KANGAROOS CAN KILL YOU!
Fuck the pro bowl, going to see the Rumble Royal.
I don't want to go outside because I might have a terrible day.
As we get older every day feels longer and although I know I'll struggle I will do my best to never get tired.
For those who haven't seen it yet, I've got a new stand up video up. Thanks for all the support. http:////www.youtube.com//watch?v=4kUmPOzOU4c
ZOO TRIP!
<3 scotch tasting
golfing! fore!
bruno anyone?
<3 boarding at the beach :)!
Kitten Mitten!
Hot pot!
is getting very nervous about her first day of teaching SATs, moving, and school in august....and its all converging.
My car is full of all my wordly possessions....ah the nomadic life.
No more SAT class! Whoo whoo! But I'll miss the kids, they were a good lot once you got past the fact that they were teenagers....
Hangin' with the Sadie-lady.
Listless....better snap out of it soon
Up figurin out school-ool-ool. Be back in NC this weekend.
Saw District 9. So real. So good. So stressful.
hates discussion forums. You always end up looking pompous, idiotic or both. There's no winning.
Survived her first day....
is sorry she didn't come to raleigh after telling everyone she would. But I went on a hike today and saw pretty nature-type things!
is sooooo tired of legal practice homework.
WARNING: Spring Guns and Droids
wishes the weekend was longer. Yayyyyy NC! Yay Smancy!
Must sleep, must sleep. Too excited for the weekend.
Mmm Soup.
overcast skies + homework + sore throat + boyfriend gone home = sad meagan. I'm coming to raleigh next weekend though!
Pro: I think I'm going to really like ethics. Con: I may have to rob a bank to pay for my books.
Just back from Scotland (the brave)! In Raleigh this week, hit me up.
doesn't actually condone vigilante justice...I really shouldn't skip lunch anymore...
Rainy days = warm food. Its worth it.
Law Geekitude #107: I giggle to myself every time some old English judge uses the word "mischief" in an opinion.
is just here.
hates legal writing. A lot. If I'm still awake at 3 am you'll know why.
is just hangin' out with ol' Dex. Study study study.
mmmmm...pint of Haagen-Dazs peach sorbet and no running. Doin' good today.
Might just vomit. I hate exams.
Needs job//money to support hobbies other than studying....
I'd give her a HA! And a HI-YA! And then a OUU-WA! And I'd kick her, sir. Take THAT, memo.
Going to NC tonight! Wish I was gonna make it for volleyball but if anyone is up for drinking after I just might be there....
is soaked. Umbrella broke. Good morning, dear Monday.
Has no respect for anyone that doesn't understand the danger of being hit by a line drive. (Ahhhh torts).
is surrounded by candy
Is going to do some comfort reading tonight (oh *PROPNAME* of Green Gables...) First real exam tomorrow ://
Finally, one outline completely down...only 3 to go - and a long way to go at that. Next semester will be different, really!
Relaxing after my delicious, noodly, post-exam lunch.
Sick and tired. Literally.
Mmm mmm turkey stock
Had a minor(major) breakdown when I thought one of my exams was lost... but its all good now.
Can't wait for Noon-thirty on Thursday!
can't wait to head outtt
hates noisy library-goers.
Oh to find an internship....
Wishes she was at Raleigh Undercover, so if you are in NC and not there, get out and show some charity love while hanging out with awesome people who like good music. I will be very jealous.
Is going to get off her bum and go running sometime in the next 5 minutes...I promise!
Should be doing work, but isn't (obviously). Yay dance class tonight! Shimmy shimmy shimmy....
Lord *PROPNAME* may have been a complete cad, but he could sure put pen to paper. (Still not studying as hard as I should be... can you tell?)
Law school is like The Biggest Loser...it doesn't matter how well you do, just how well you do compared to everyone else. Dun dun dun.
Monday comes too fast and too early.
*PROPNAME* on Modern Family
I don't think I have a famous person....hmmmm....okay with that though.
DC friends: Giant snowball fight//snow kickball on the mall tomorrow, 3pm. There will be other snowball fights, but I will not be at them. So you should come to this one! :)
has major, major cabin fever.
Sunshine!!!
Snow!!! http:////www.flickr.com//photos//zmeagz//sets//72157623367337792//
A storm's abrewin'! Snow is starting to stick....
Went to a surprise *PROPNAME* game yesterday (surprise for me, not for the players) and had a fantastic time.
is in love with *PROPNAME* in downtown Raleigh. And *PROPNAME*.
has been asked by several friends about our trip plans.  We fly nonstop from Charlotte to Frankfurt.  Then we travel by train, Heidelberg, Wiesbaden, Mainz, Munich, castles, Zugspitze,  Rothenburg, back to Frankfurt and fly home.
is home from Germany, had a good time ... tired
starting to prepare for Summer Camp.
is off to Scout Camp (Old Indian in SC) for a week
is packing for Germany
is taken *PROPNAME* (our youngest) off to Appalachian State today to start his freshman year.  *PROPNAME* isn't going, she just can't do it.
best wishes to everyone going back to school today
is heading off to the National Order of the Arrow Conference
is heading home
appreciates all the kind birthday wishes, via facebook and various other forms of communication.  Thanks!
is teaching Troop Leadership Training today.
is thrilled that his son *PROPNAME* and wife *PROPNAME* are expecting!
wishes everyone a safe and Happy Thanksgiving.  I get to make the stuffing and turkey, *PROPNAME* gets the other stuff.
Merry Christmas everyone!
wishes everyone a Happy New Year!
is heading to San Antonio for the weekend
Why does facebook think I live in Atlanta?  Something is wrong with the targeted ads.  It is comforting to know, however, that I could still become a police officer or save 83% on my insurance.
wishes the Boy Scouts of America a very Happy 100th Birthday today!
Best newly discovered unhealthy snack disguised as a healthy one: yogurt-covered raisins  :D
Going through everyone's status messages from last night... yeah, so maybe I didn't do anything sexy or fun but I was at an event so >:P
Wow, even in 1963, *PROPNAME* was ranting about the "half-wit morons up in Sacramento" (just watch It's a Mad Mad Mad Mad World)
Just to be clear: Life is just a bowl of RAINIER cherries.  :D
Amadeus is quite possibly the most perfectly made movie *ever*...  director's cut bits add even more to the perfection.
Ears are being blown out by two trombone players... sure, they're classically trained and playing Holst's "Mars, the Bringer of War", but it HURTS.  :P
32 days til the State Fair!  You better believe I have a count down going!!
Any one have any clue as to what the new novelty fried fair food is going to be this year???  What was at the OC county fair?  I'm plotting my plan of attack at the State Fair...  ;)
Devising ways to oust the old tenant out of *my* new place.  Not too happy that he's choosing to take another week to move out.  >:P
This hair-brainedness needs to cease... NOW.  :P
MMmmmmmm Trader Joes tart frozen yogurt... makes a mouth VERY happeh!!  :D
Going to have to severely restrain my impulse to gallop around the State Fair, squealing at the top of my lungs with glee.  :D
Already sleepy time again...  I blame lunch from Bread Store.
Missed the forest and smacked into a couple of the trees while I was at it too.  :P
Nothing personal against you all as a species, ants, but mi casa es just not su casa.
How did a non-coffee drinker like me end up hooked on cappuccinos?
Okay Bears... Channel that anger and use it to cream the competition next week.
Allergy season for *PROPNAME* is commencing...  *hack*hack*hack*   :P   I'm not contagious, promise!
Pipe dream for the day: Being a Wagnerian soprano.  I can shriek but not in tune.  :P
Sorry, People magazine... your "sexy" guys can't hold a candle to the men of the 40s, 50s and 60s... *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*...
Stupid PC... seriously asking to get chucked out the window.  But in the spirit of the season, it shall be spared.
First there was TIGER; then TIGGER; and now LUST.  The alphabet soup of federal bureaucrats never ceases to amuse me.  And how ironic LUST stands for so-not-sexy "Leaking Underground Storage Tanks".
I'm not quite sure how I feel about having my singing voice compared to *PROPNAME* (especially when the boyfriend makes the comparison).
Does it count as a new years resolutiion to resolve to watch every episode of a TV series?
Cold weather, lack of sunshine and fog all breed pestilence... Everything seems to be taking a quick swing at me too -- never taking up residence (knock on wood), but slowly trying to knock me out with a few quick jabs and sucker punches.
ive come to the conclusion that some people are really just not worth it - grow up n learn to forgive xxx
bubbles n apple 2gether again woop :D
2 sleepovers in 2 days - both amazin but am now shattered :P good times :D
oh cómo me gusta cantar y hablar español
Well done!! everyones done soo well so far n talk about energy :D - just 1 show left
media is kl :D
im in college yet im onb facebook - oh medias great :D
is fed up with messin with the relationship status n is goin to upload pics :D
wow y do i always seem to have massive convos over the most simplest of things lol
soy feliz :D
today was gd fun - was kl seein ppl :D
that took 4ever!
is very happy - for myself n for charlotte woop :D  p.s. cheers for the car lol :P
ppl please stop sendin messages - ur ovloadin facebook :P ahhh its gay
Not really sure y everyone was so dissapointed by the HP film - i thought it was rather gd :D
yayness - i am happy :) :)
was pretty awesome 2night guys :) - cheers n yay for cars :P
eatin out of date chicken n out of date cucumber  :S  oh dear
had fun last night - was a gd party n other stuff etc etc :P
weeekend :)
really hopin this campin thing isnt goin to be as bad as im imaginin - no msn, n minimal hygiene *hides* bye ppl see u in 3 days!
is gettin rather annoyed at her innability to concentrate n get this one piece of business work finnished grrr - is resisting goin on msn though
grrrr bloody personal statement - have spent about 4 hours on it now n still have to get rid of 3 lines - its takin just as long to delete parts as it did to write the whole thing :( :(
mi novio aprende español - que bonito impresionante :)
feels like sleepin all the way to monday
My party was brilliant so thanku everyne who came :) - thanx also too everyone who gave me a gift or card they are all amazing and very lovely, so cheers :) xxx
Yay for tomorrow :P
Smile :)
BYE PPL! spt has again been amaze n cant wait till next year! Especially bye to *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, n *PROPNAME* - though im sure ill see u all again at some point! Have a great holiday!!! xxxx
n now its all over :( - cant get seasons of love out my head though lol  was a pretty gd night tbh :)
wats better than a cookie?... a GIANT cookie loool mmm yum :)
muy infeliz
Feliz navidad!! xxx
Thanku sooooo much everyone for my birthday comments - im very happy :) xxxx
Ohhh theres so many gd things to look forward tooo - cant wait!   :D
abburido...
facebook is all changed - i swear it wasnt that long ago i came on here!
Wooo - i am so very happy :D
the first day of institute...
loves PHOENIX:)
its not the end of the week, but its the last day.. ITS THURSDAY... so I'm gonna get my drink on:)
Happy 4th of July. Thanks TJ for writing a super cool declaration of Independence.
lesson planing
last day of institute
studying... is for babies
First day done:) yippee!
is teaching first grade
is soaking up that phoenix sun!
is putting my life together
ooh the mysterious 10 at 10 approaches.
is celebrating the birth of *PROPNAME*!
making banana pancakes:)
yay Friday!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY *PROPNAME*)
where are my keys:(
Going home FRRRRIIIDAY! Wooo Whoo!
9 days in my two favorite states starts TOMORROW:)
out and about:)
Viva Las Vegas:)
missing chapel hill
is back in Phoenix!
I found one of my students in the janitor's closet this morning.
yay halloween!
goooo tarheels:)
love actually makes me want christmas.
flagstaff for the weekend:)
Grand Canyon, here I come!
once again, watching glee instead of doing my homework
UNC basketball>TFA fashion show. GO HEELS!
is in charlotte with my favorites:)
weddings and what not
GOOOO TARHEELS!
first 5 down, 175 more to go...
looks like I am going to be just as unproductive in 2010 as I was in 2009
gone to charlotte for new years!
GO HEELS!
just another lovely sun filled day in phoenix:)
can't wait to see alissa joy goetz tonight:)
why can't I be at Top o right now? Go Saints:)
Just got back from having a great time in Orkney :-)
away to work, hope it aint to hot x
down in aberdeen da noo seeing my oldest then ireland on monday Yeah!!!!!!!
had a great night out at blues festival! hopefully i wont leave it a year again for my next night out.
been for a nice long walk, feeling gooood!
just home fa night shift, am away to bed. hgave a good day x
off to work hope you all have a good day and if its not then turn it around loves xxxx
away to work, still dina feel right but never mind.
Hope you all ahve a wicked weekend loves x
Hope your all having a great weekend xx
bloody macs do my head in!!!!
Is no feeling to good, had to come home fa work :-(
I cant get to sleep!!!!
Happy Christmas to you all loves and hugs sent your way xx
Got a job interview the morn and didna find out about it till the day!! oh well less time to stress about it :-)
Everywhere and messy!
I didnt get the job!!!!  nerves got the better of me. Am doing the job I applied for and still got that so all good.  Will just have to learn from this how to be better at interviews. Still love my job :-)
hope you all have a great weekend x
is getting trampled by cats!
wish this wind would piss off, am sure my house is shaking!!
Ladies, your red, black,pink, blue, white, butterflied, cheetah printed, and nude bra colors made the news tonight. Facebook doesn't know who started it going but the *PROPNAME* foundation says it was a great way to raise awareness for breast cancer. Way to go! Post this on your wall - if you participated in the Bra Colour Game! YIPEEEDOOOODA
Thanx for all the birthday wishes, Been working all day. but all good xx
9 inches :-)
Its sooooo cold out there!!!!!
Black
Hope you are all having a great weekend, am working but all good :-)
what have they done to FB?????
Still feel like shite
Hope ya all have a Great weekend. xxx
plan to give away money!!!!
its that time of the year again!!!!!
stunned!!!!!!!
isssllliiipp ho gaya ji!!!!
where is the light that i seek?
to do or not to do...............
invisible
needs a vacation!!!!!!!!!!!!
fullllll tooo  bindassssssssssssssssssssssssssssss!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
just does it!!!
why do ppl bitch all the time!!!!!!!
is resting her voice...stupid laryngitis
thinks that if she did not work Mondays she would really like her job hahahaha...lunch then soooo much to do to get up to date after the weekend!
is in bed dreaming of nerdy firemen hahahahaha
is in bed dreaming of nonbaryonic dark matter…**Sigh** facebook quizzes are fun
is so happy it is Friday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Time with *PROPNAME* and then home to sleep-in all weekend and get some rest! Three weeks with this head cold is a bit much...
is off lunch and back to work....until 6pm
is missing her nieces and sissy in Inverness
is having a hard time living with no phone :o( Come on dal hook me up already!!! (Work until 6pm...facebook is the best way to contact me right now)
is heading home!
is happy it's her birthday!!! Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes :o)
has tickets to 'Thunder from Down Under"...going to the bank to get some American $1.00 bills :oP ***WOOT*** I have a feeling my 2nd 22 b-day is going to be awesome and slightly ridiculous :o) Bath then bed...time and a half tomorrow
is at work....one more hour then sushi date with *PROPNAME*. Feeling sleepy already....3 days to mon birthday!!!!! and le strippers :oP
just got home from shopping for our apartment with *PROPNAME*…I bought 600 thread count sheets and they feel like butter! ooooohhhhhh luxury sleep here I come :o)
two minutes into the show and I was already being 'man-handled'....<3
is celebrating her second year single anniversary…or Personal-independence day for me :oP
is honestly pretty bla today...wish I could go home to Cape Breton and sit on the beach in the sun
is thanking everyone for the birthday wishes :o) Cleaning my apartment!! Laundry//dishes//the usual
thinks that a slow day at work seems to last sooo much longer than a busy one! Tick, tock...come on 6pm!!!
has tickets to 'Thunder from Down Under"...going to the bank to get some American $1.00 bills :oP ***WOOT*** I have a feeling my 2nd 22 b-day is going to be awesome and slightly ridiculous :o)
wishes she never hear of a sciatic nerve…stupid back! Doctors appointment then work.
has decided, after some careful contemplation, to turn 22 this year. Age is a state of mind and I am feeling early 20-ish...:oP
is deep in thought. At lunch then back to work until 6pm.
home to clean up the house, shower then back to *PROPNAME*'s
...my kingdom for a back! lol *PROPNAME* is full of Olympians from every country…watched the Turkish team check in last night :o) Ethnic men are BEAUTIFUL!! :o)
off to work out with *PROPNAME* (Y)
finds it hard to understand some American reactions about Health Care Reform…they seem so “the end is here”…laundry, chatting to Mom and giving some TLC to my orchids
would like to go home for a weekend here and there...I work Mon-Fri 10-6pm...if you are headed toward the Cape let me know :o) Fall term classes: Tue//Wed//Thu...no school Mon//Fri
is reading "Act like a lady, think like a man" on her lunch...understanding the male psyche is the first step to taking over the world :oP
is having a hard time living with no phone :o( Come on dal hook me up already!!!
has decided, after some careful contemplation, to turn 22 this year. Age is a state of mind and I am feeling early 20-ish...:oP B-day in 4 days :oD
needs to make herself a budget...school supplies (aka coffee maker :oP) and a gym pass??? First term books = $350.00 I wonder what qualifications I need to write//publish text books?
realizes that maybe she will not move to Hawaii…this heat and humidity is killing me slowly. Cleaned her apartment yesterday in the heat and swears she sweat off 10lbs!
is working until 6
wants to go home! 10 more minutes...why are work days so much longer than weekend day?
is getting some work done, then cleaning my room//apartment!...it is HOTTTT outside!
is locking up the office and heading home...*PROPNAME* call me soon :o) Re-potting orchids then to *PROPNAME*! Have a good night all!!!
working until 6pm...home to re-pot orchids then off to *PROPNAME*'s for the night!
"It's not 'THAT' the wind is blowing...it's 'WHAT' the wind is blowing"
at work until 6pm...great day! Excited that my *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* might be planning a trip...now to wait until November lol.
*PROPNAME* and I unpacked, cleaned//organized our home :o) Now we have clutter-free space and even our kitchen looks bigger! Wait until you get home Shelly-Bean and see our neat place :o)
Getting ready for *PROPNAME*. Bought enough non-perishable food for three days. Flashlight//batteries. Check. First-aid kit. Check. Bottling some water. Check. Old towels, in case windows leak. Check. Today: laundry, cleaning and making sure nothing important is on the floor.
My horoscope today is awesome hahahaha....it reminds me of...well most days :oP "*PROPNAME*, If you are single, this is not the best day to get out to meet new people. The people you meet will be strange or dysfunctional in some way."
...just starting to get windy//rainy in Halifax, making eggs and coffee just in case the power goes!
:o) there are 3 Swedish guys on my floor this year....***WOOT***
is flying through the Sookie Stackhouse series :oP Loved the last book I read "Club Dead" but "Dead to the World" is not impressing me yet at page 110...urg!
is at work...School on the 10th and I am so excited! *PROPNAME* is home :o) Life is good.
wishes she worked the front desk at *PROPNAME* so she could enjoy looking at the Olympic athletes…**sigh**
Oh no!!!! I have a class deep in the bowels of the LSC...I will die in the catacombs and never see sunlight again. I was lost underground in the LSC for an entire hour once :oS
is fantasizing about kicking washing machines and dreaming about joining a radical-feminist group...urrg. I want to go home!
is at work, off tomorrow and then working the weekend for student check in...bring on the scared//excited students and parents lol!
really wants to learn some form of self-defence (or better yet offence :oP). Checking the *PROPNAME* website for classes...
thinks her temper is her worst quality…bla! *PROPNAME* come home I miss you!
work, work, work until 6. Day-off tomorrow to have pulmonary function tests...they are going to try and prove that I have asthma by trying to induce an asthma attack...fun times :oP I will wear my running shoes lol!
at work until 6pm then repotting two orchids.
is done doing silly quizzes...but they are so funny!!!  Good-night everyone!
is at work then the mall then off to *PROPNAME*'s :o)
is living with her personal trainer this week...Kapo, ab-ripper, kickboxing and cardio.
worst night ever! then I get this message? "hey so i just moved up here and ill be honest, living with someone but not getting needs met sexually and hoping to find someone in same position or at least who understands and can be discrete, if you may be interested let me know ,if not i am very sorry to have bothered you" I could be a god damn serial killer who gets off setting people on fire urg I fucking hate people!
had a wonderful talk with *PROPNAME*! Now to get a chance to chat with Heather and I will be totally happy :o) Looking for a job this week. "Just keep swimming, just keep swimming, just keep swimming, swimming, swimming"
wants to go home!!!
wonders why the tigerbooks link is broken half the time! I am trying to sell some books damn you! (I <3  Coffee)
working then to the gym
is deep in lust and going to bed :oP
has internet again!!!!!
...according to my personality profile my ideal partner is an ISTJ...interesting
truly believes in Murphy’s law…felt like giving up today, like quitting…I am going to keep going. Not sure how far I will get but I am going to push until they throw me out of here lol.
walked out of her house and onto a movie site this morning...."CUT!!!"...she said sorry and hurried out of the way....wow the lights were so bright!
is wishing her big-Ssista a super-awesome-tastic birthday!!!!!!!! I <3  you *PROPNAME*!!!!!!!!
is reading her new textbooks...so excited about taking Human Sexuality! I am going to make an A+
is at work until 1pm then maybe selling a book? Off with *PROPNAME* after that!!!!!
is at work until 6
“Just keep swimming, just keep swimming…” I am going to make that song my new theme song :oP Covered in hives so gone to buy some meds. Allergy doctor’s apt Oct 28 :o)
F.M.L. busy and stressed this week…midterms, assignments, papers, and working overtime for Open House…when I finish school I am running away to Hawaii and becoming an illegal immigrant
Working until 1pm then home to take a long shower and wash off my sour mood! Meeting *PROPNAME*’s Dad today!!!!!! :o)
has a bit of a fever....why is the H1N1 flu shot not out yet? Urrrrg I will be mad if I get sick :o(
cleaning, studying and then some laundry...I <3  Fridays :oP
@work, then home to study and clean.
Allergy specialist Wednesday so I cannot take Reactine for a few days…trying not to scratch! Bed soon, work tomorrow.
work today 8:30-4:30. Open House at *PROPNAME*! Stood outside in the freezing rain and now my mitts and scarf are soaked :oS Hahahahaha Come on weekend!
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT- if you are reading this, whether we do or don't speak often, please post a comment of the first memory you have of you and me that pops in your head. When you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status; you'll be surprised what people remember about you!
tired and feeling sick, gone to bed! Sore throat, feet, legs and I get to do it again tomorrow.
work, work, work and then home to clean
...my doctor says I have "a cute virus"…or something like that Bahahahaha No H1N1 here…yet! Bath, lots of liquids and I might even take a nap. Need to get better for date night with *PROPNAME* tomorrow!
...no vaccine for me today :o(  uurrg I wonder if I could fake being pregnant to get in line? Bahahaha probably not :oP Hopefully I can get the vaccine soon....friggin asthma!!!
home from my midterm and now doing homework...class tonight until 7 :o(
wishes someone would invent a cure for migraines…third day with a headache so much work to do this weekend!!! Coffee, Tylenol and studying.
used to be a happy person…bread maker shorted out and caught fire :o( Out of our apartment for 2-3weeks while they repair damage…AHHHHHHHHHH!?!?!?!?!
…gone to pack up and move everything out of our 3-bedroom apartment and into our temp 2-bedroom apartment :oS
Exciting Saturday plans: write a literature review, study for my midterm Tuesday, grocery shopping, cleaning our apartment and maybe some late night laundry :o)
...fighting the flu with clementines. I carry them everywhere and when someone coughs//sneezes without covering their face ***WACK** I smack them with one and it works like a charm :oP
has internet again!!!!! So much work//studying to do....midterms woo hoo
@work until 1:00pm them home to write a paper and study for my first exam!! (Too busy for life and facebook this week)
@work until 1:00pm them home to write a paper and study for my first exam!!
working until 1:00pm...really needs a break
…wonders when living switched to just surviving. My life is covered in soot and stale sprinkler water. Work then gone to move some more stuff to our temp place…class presentation tonight :oS Can you get 'stress leave' from life?
thinks if she was less moral she would have a lot more money hahahaha!
burr, burr I am not ready for the cold...why can't I acclimatize! I need to start cold weather training in July lol.
...well I never knew I had a sister named *PROPNAME*?!?!?!?! Bahahahaha *PROPNAME* you made me laugh even though you were not here!!
Community Health Promotion exam tomorrow...bed soon, then I can start thinking about it being almost the holidays :o)
finished her last presentation tonight!!! Now two exams tomorrow morning...on the bright side one of them is Human sexuality :oD I am a total erotophile and proud of it :oP
bed, bed, bed, work tomorrow.
gone to *PROPNAME*'s!!!
work and then study, study, study!!!
uuummmmmmmmmm all men should learn how to dance before they are allowed to have sex with women :o) I love men!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
...loves posting pictures and playing "who do my nieces look most like" Working, then home to finish my paper and study
packing, packing, packing....burnt out. Moving back to Glengary tomorrow, working Friday then headed to Cape Breton Friday at 1:00pm with *PROPNAME*.....F*****WWWWKKKKKKK this entire year! I am so over moving three times in four months...FML....back to packing!
sore from moving last night...wind-burnt on my face and hands (I am so sexy bahahaha). FINALLY back in our apartment!...and leaving the mess to go home for the holidays :o) Working 9:30am-12:30pm running home to get *PROPNAME* then running to the shuttle and heading to Inverness @1:15pm :o) If we miss the shuttle you will see us sleeping on Spring Garden :oP...hummm cab to the shuttle it is!!!
uuurrrggggg...and then it all went to shit!
profane messages make my day hahahahaha…shower, pj’s, late news, then bed…wondering if you can actually classify the “best sex of your life”?
is gone to flirt shamelessly with police officers at their Christmas party. Is there anything better than a man in uniform? WAIT! One with handcuffs :oP
is eating an apple she got from a stranger...what is the worst thing that could happen? :oP
thinks she must say her name strangle when answering the phone at work, as most ppl hear (*PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, and *PROPNAME*)...I am not sure how they get that from "*PROPNAME* speaking" lol but it is funny to be called *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*??? Crazy day lol
has been in Cape Breton for 10 days...and has read 8 novels. Humm I almost wish I had studying to do lol. But everyone here is soooo nice :o)
...*PROPNAME* is leaving today to have an adventure...I miss her already.
...when the printer broke at work today, who do you think was asked to stand and manually feed the paper tray one sheet at a time? FML...University education, peer mediation//drug//suicide intervention training, International coordinating experience...I am a paper tray bahahahahaha! (Work until 1pm then class until 7:30pm)
is gone home for the day....
getting off work at 6:00pm, WalMart then Harry Potter@9:40pm with the twinnies!!!!
getting ready for the storm to hit Cape Breton...shuttle tomorrow to Halifax (I hope)
R.I.P Sergent *PROPNAME*...my thoughts and sympathy to your friends and family. You always made me laugh even when I wanted to cry...NS has lost a great soldier
...hopes that Canada sends some help to Port-Au-Prince Haiti today
...gone to bed with *PROPNAME*' Red Dragon
...makin' supper then laundry and a little homework
...heading to the gym with *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME* and my sista!!
the end of the summer business season is here...slow days of work ahead...facebook quiz time hahahaha. Well some of them are fun.
is wondering what hurricane Bill is going to be like...getting ready just in case :o)
...work, class and gym tonight!
wants everyone to fill out the big five personality quiz I am sending out :o)
great time at the gym, thanks ladies and *PROPNAME*! To bed to sleep, to sleep to dream...
is an atheist please respect my beliefs and stop sending me jesus, god and (insert other deity) crap. Thanks.
is working, working, working...
classes, maybe a movie with the twinnies after classes
...getting some readings done for class. Work and class demain.
Is so far away from the people who care about her…feeling really sad//upset tonight.
yeah *PROPNAME* is home! Work until 6pm.
…over the counter back pills make me sleepy, not good when I have classes all day :oS
is home from work, lunch then classes until 7:30pm. Feeling so run-down…wish I could trade body’s or immune systems with someone. Might find out what is wrong with me soon! Waiting for another CT scan.
…back to work//school and feeling exhausted :oS Hope I am not getting sick!
Was asked why our University has co-ed bathrooms by a lady from Texas today. When I replied because co-ed washrooms are inclusive for everyone, especially people who fall somewhere between our male//female definition...she replied “Pufff that must be a Canadian thing”. Inclusion..a Canadian thing :o)
...it’s winter, it’s spring, it’s winter, it’s spring, it’s winter…I am noticing a pattern with this weather.
...it’s winter, it’s spring, it’s winter, it’s spring, it’s winter…I am noticing a patter with this weather.
...yeah it's FRIDAY! Class and then some homework :o) *PROPNAME*'s is a rotten, lame movie!
...off to work. Work part-time, class full-time, life? no time :oP
It’s "Doppelgänger Week" on Facebook. Change your profile pic to someone famous you've been told you resemble. And repost this
is checking out *PROPNAME*'s challenges...I might try out a few. Nothing wrong with eating more raw veggies or going Vegan for a month :o)
...just keep swimming, studying.
busy and stressed out today!
...surround yourself with people in your life who make all of the work//effort//time worth it.
...loves *PROPNAME*'s "What do you want from me?"
...is sooo excited that she bought one of *PROPNAME*'s rapure pies from Sobeys. Life is good :o) Olympics at 7 or 7:30pm tonight!
places to go, people to see, papers to write and homework to read. Having a productive day :o)
is watching "eraserhead".....this freaky boston weather today is perfect weather for david lynch film.
wants to punch mother nature in the face....rain, fog, and drizzle for a month?!
is wishing the williams sisters would lose to stosur//stubbs, but it doesn't look good.
is reading about polystrate fossils, Uniformitarianism, and *PROPNAME*'s appointment to run the Texas State Education Board....the more I learn the more horrified I become.
is attending a multi-country bar-b-que....me, one brit, one swiss, one french, a cuban american, a jewish american, one turk, and some hungarians...happy 4th!
just found out his sis and brother-in-law are mov'in to hawaii....uh yea.
creative block....schematic drawing due tomorrow....design gods please give me somethin' to work with!!!
big congrats to my friend laura from wayland and her partner beth who just got hitched on prince edward island.
is slow this morning getting to the gsd library for a day of study....neeeed cofffffeee.
jesus healed the sick and loved his enemies.....america rejects national healthcare and pours money into wars....hmmmm.
is in bed reading the "cultural landscape treatment report for the gropius house, lincoln, ma"....jawohl bauhaus!
doesn't want to finish his paper for class...grrrr.
is more wag, less bark today.
just got back from a Shiva.
Ambrosia artemisiifolia why are you so cruel?
chuck taylors, combat boots, or vintage prada penny loafers today?
off to gaslight for brunch then south end open studios to be artsy fartsy...........actually more artsy less fartsy.
is more bark, less wag today.
there's a Sonic in Massachusetts!!!
those who are tardy do not get fruit cup
just in from a fun fall night at the harvard//brown game...harvard won..go crimson!... down with the brown!
just elected to the HGLC Executive Board tonite...very honored to serve the caucus.
snow flurries in suburbia.....what?!  so soon....argh!
"oath keepers" the latest conspiracy group diverting extreme conservatives from actually doing the people's business....i think william f. buckley, jr. just did a 360 turn in his grave.
someone just said to me "this font reminds me of you"
back in beantown after a nice vermont excursion
oh levi, levi, levi..you naughty boy
is not luvin' site engineering homework tonite
really wants a kinky for govenor 2010 poster
sad day....jeanne claude, wife of christo passed yesterday.  met them a couple of years ago in their soho studio...two of the most passionate artists i've ever had the pleasure meeting.
less than 24 hours and i will be free (academically) from grading landscapes, swales, sidewalks with pitches, slope, topography models, and designing cemetery sections....good bye site engineering...i won't miss you.
is doing a week of *PROPNAME*(who lives here at the Schlesinger) posts in honor of the movie coming out on Friday.
is watching the large amount of black sedans, suvs, and police heading toward the jfk library from my studio window.
is hungry for haggis
going to see newt gingrich speak thursday night at the kennedy school of government forum.........anyone have a good question i can ask him during the q and a?
Friends in MA always say Texas elects idiots, well now I have a come back...thanks *PROPNAME*.
is shaking his head wondering when some of his conservative christian friends became so hate filled that they will join any anti-obama group on facebook.
says Thank You So Much to everyone who helped to make The Graduation a Huge Success!
Noticed that the FDIC closed SEVEN banks today.  Usually it is zero, one, two, or three.  Last week it was five.  That was a little bit disturbing.  But seven?  Query: will it always be a prime number?
also watches the chickens (6) after work.
is irritated that, the day after he got his new modem, the blogging service went down for an upgrade.
is back online, after four days with no modem.
got twenty pounds of freshly-roasted chile today.  Now my Subaru will have a delightfully spicy aroma for a week or two.
notes: "Honey mesquite pods were a primary food of the residents of the SW North American deserts (Felger 1977). Pods are quite sweet and whole pod composition is 80% carbohydrate, 13% protein, 25% fiber, and 3% fat (Zolfaghari et al. 1982). The pods are 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick. If you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day.
tried transplanting palo verde trees today.  We'll see how they do.  If I can get one to grow by the arroyo, then everyone downstream will have them too. Eventually.
"If hard work were such a wonderful thing, surely the rich would have kept it all to themselves." --J *PROPNAME*,  former President of the AFL-CIO
did not expect to see snow, whilst planting daffodil bulbs.
Angel food cake with NO FROSTING.  Instead: brandied cherry-chocolate sauce!
4 inches of rain in the last 36 hours, with more to come.  (Normal is 8 inches per year.)  Plus there is snow on the mountains.
If you seek a pleasant peninsula...
I won't post any downer economic collapse articles this weekend; only growing things.
When I was younger I would record my favorite songs onto a piece of papyrus.
Has extra tickets for the University of Chicago graduation.   ... Can you believe it?  Stand in the rain for 45 minutes, then nobody even bothers to take your tickets when you get to the event.
*PROPNAME* got here last night.  The t-shirts and cherries came this morning.  Thank you, everyone.
No snow yet down south, but it is raining.  Snow is expected, but only a trace.
Trees arrived.  Weekend "chore:" plant Wonderful Pomegranate Tree, All-In-One Almond Tree, Pawnee Pecan Tree, and Stuart Pecan Tree.
Hard drive problem?  Made funny noises twice and failed to boot.  Finally booted (obviously).  I am going to install a new one now.  Don't expect updates for a few minutes (hah!).  Of course the last time this happened, I installed a new drive, used the old one for backup, and the old continued working for years.  So this could all be a waste of time and money.
About the clutter.  *PROPNAME* and I are playing Farmville.  This generates messages on Facebook, messages that are of no interest to anyone not playing.  To stop seeing this clutter, follow these steps: point your mouse at one of the offending items.  The word "hide appears in the upper right.  Click the word "hide".  Additional options appear.  Click "Hide Farmville." You still we see any of our other items.
put his hat on, and spent much of the afternoon collecting mesquite and yucca seeds, then buying them all over the place.  Few will ever sprout.  But some will.
Lunch: salad, with tuna and DRIED MICHIGAN CHERRIES.  Thanks, Mom.
is sad to see *PROPNAME* go, but very happy he was able to be here.
*PROPNAME* and I planted four trees on Monday, and today we got an inch of rain. There are two pecan trees (to pollinize each other), an all-in-one almond (two varieties grafted, so no additional pollinizer needed), and a pomegranate (self-pollinizing).  Life is easy, sometimes.
My cat is looking for the door into summer.
is glad that his car is not infested with Madagascar Hissing Cockroaches.
Note in my homeowner's insurance policy: "Discharge of a nuclear weapon shall be deemed a warlike act, even if accidental."  You can be sure that I will call and complain immediately if our house is destroyed by a nuclear weapon.
Here's what I tell anybody and this is what I believe. The greatest gift we have is the gift of life. We understand that. That comes from our Creator. We're given a body. Now you may not like it, but you can maximize that body the best it can be maximized. --Mike Ditka No thanks. --jcy
Has anyone figured out how to filter the Facebook feeds, using the new Facebook page?  I will be annoyed if this functionality has been lost.
0.7 inches of rain!!!
100% of people will not copy and paste this.
Thanks everyone for all the help.  At this point, Ijust need 1 harmess, 2 horseshoes, 2 nails, and 2 boards; no bricks.  I can give gifts of harnesses and horseshoes, as of this moment.
If you find yourself wondering about things such as "how long of a time period is 17% of eight hours?" and it makes your brain hurt to figure it out in your head, you can go to Google and type in "17% of eight hours" and it will tell you.
I have not blocked anyone.  Disregard any notice to the contrary.
is trying to get in touch with the notorious V.A.L.   Yo, *PROPNAME*, call be back sistah!
would now like to rename her son *PROPNAME*
is missing all of her CTY peeps.  She hopes they will keep her updated on what happening in that little town with big city problems.
is proud to admit she is a 35 year old mom who LOVES Eminem.
Date Night!  Woo Hoo!!!!!!!!!
loved hanging out with Klocks!
It is so true - your hair always looks great the day before you have a hair appointment.  However, as soon as I step out in this humidity, I will be jolted back to reality.
enjoyed her Wednesday night.
is helping her husband start his facebook account.  Oh no.
heard someone say that status updates are the ultimate form of narcissism.  Got her thinkin'.  Could that be true?
is wondering how the 8lb kid and the 91lb dog will do in the back of the Altima on a road trip.  I guess we'll see!!
drank too much iced tea before bed.
It's raining, it's pouring...and I just flat ironed my hair.  Bleh.
is longing for the comfort of familiar.
is listening to my dog, my husband, and my baby snore...simultaneously.  I AM SURROUNDED!!!
is once again wishing for a gardener and a maid.
doesn't think Carlisle is going to happen this summer.  Sorry guys!
messing with her new MacBook Pro, thanks Albemarle County!
is hoping *PROPNAME* slept through the night for *PROPNAME*.
Happy Birthday, Cash!
in need of a babysitter the afternoon and evening of UVA v. VT...any ideas?  Know any great sitters?  HELP!  :)
thinks she's a rock star...THINKS.  Bleh.
Bring it, Wankees.
is taking care of *PROPNAME* and his first cold.  Mommy no likey.
i wonder...
is thinking about a CTY reunion...hmmmm.......
is loving socialinterview.com
Recognized more silver lining than cloud on a fairly cloudy day - what a freeing experience!
Fly Eagles Fly!  On the road to victory!  Fight Eagles Fight! Get a touchdown one, two, three... (four, etc. etc.)  :)
My husband is out in the 18" playing with the dog and the neighbors' kids.  Gotta love him.
Anyone know a plow guy lookin' for work?  haha.  Seriously, if you know anyone that can get to us today or early tomorrow - send me the info, yo.
The largest front end loader I have ever seen just plowed our driveway.  Ah, the smell of freedom.
Raise your hand if you are snowed in AND consuming way too many calories.  I GOTTA GET OUTTA HERE!
Watching NCIS marathon.  Last time I did this, I investigated mysterious deaths all night long!  And I had to work the next day!
Reality check.  We are fortunate.  Prayers for Haiti.
believes thinking is over-rated.
Anyone interested in training for the Cville 10 miler with me?
To CTYers past and present, I urge you to do two things: 1) Dust off your Garden State soundtrack, there was a reason we listened to it non-stop for 42 days. 2) Mark July 16-18 in your calendar - we are all descending on the land of milk and honey.  Carlizzle fo' shizzle.
My FB font is huge - regular size on every other program - what did I do?  Help!
Inside Edition has hit an all time low.  Lead story: Will the crisis in Haiti affect the Golden Globe Awards?
Blame it on the a a a a a applejuice. Blame it on the a a a a a applejuice.
The lady at Panera didn't even have to ask me my name today. It showed up on my receipt - spelled correctly.  Maybe I need to hit up Greenberry's for a little bit.
Anyone have a gently-used treadmill they'd like to sell?
Heard since it's Vday weekend that people were changing their profile pics. Don't have a pictures of me and all three of my valentines (but *PROPNAME* is in the belly here) Can you imagine if I tried picking up *PROPNAME* now? :)
Thanks for all the mazal tovs // congratulations.  :-)
*PROPNAME* and I are engaged!  :-)  I'm so happy.
"This is the day, come what may I'll still be saying this is the day." Loving camp!  :-)
Two more weeks left of camp.  Looking forward to seeing *PROPNAME* on the Roof on Sunday, August 9th!
Thank goodness my voice is back.  :-)  Shabbat Shalom everyone!
I've officially booked an October flight to New York to visit my future husband.  :-)
Lesson planning and creating a calendar for the school year... hard to believe I will be teaching already on Sunday.
No one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick. No one should be unable to change jobs because of a "pre-existing condition." If you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day.
Shabbat Shalom!
I hate the fact that I currently have no computer.  It is not fun to have to borrow other people's computers.
I am thankful for webcams.  It is nice to be able to see my fiance online while he is in New York.  :-)
I'm liking my new desktop computer and thankful that it is not giving me any grief thus far.  :-) Shanah Tovah (Happy Jewish New Year)!
To all my Jewish friends: Gemar chatimah tovah.- May your final sealing (in the Book of Life) be good.
Enjoyed spending the weekend with my love.  Now it is back to the grind.
is hoping that everyone who fasted for Yom Kippur had an easy fast and a meaningful prayer experience.
Can't wait until Friday morning when I'll be in my fiance's arms.  :-)
Contemplating the Forms and Plato's utopian society as I write my paper on Plato.  Please note that I do not actually agree with Plato's ideas, but I find them fascinating.
I am getting less and less sleep due to midterms.  :-(
I'm so excited about my upcoming trip to New York!  :-)  I leave Thursday night on a red eye.
Please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who is gay. My wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease: people who are gay are not looking for a cure but for ACCEPTANCE.
I see the light at the end of the tunnel!  Liturgy take home final due Friday and last but not least, Philosophy of Education paper to complete during Winter Break.
I hate having laryngitis as a songleader.  I want to be able to do my job, but I can't.  :-(
Now that *PROPNAME* has returned to New York, I am finally working on completing my philosophy of Jewish education paper.  It is pleasant to do school work after two weeks of rest, relaxation, and fun.  :-)
is back from D.C. and is very tired...
is holding *PROPNAME* in the Light...
is wondering what one does when hail comes down your chimney and is bouncing all over your living room floor...my first thought is to put a big tupperware in the fireplace to catch it all and then I'd have the awesome kind of crunchy ice that you get at S
is trying to tame her to-do list...
wishes her bro a happy birthday!
is holding *PROPNAME* in the Light as he crosses the Threshold...
enjoyed an incredible concert this afternoon by her friend and colleague        K-Pad...who is infused with musical talent, versatility, & passion.
#NAME?
is thinking about *PROPNAME* 's words - "It feels like - electricity. Yeah, electricity."
is smiling...
is noting the irony of her car overheating on the way to and from Devil's Head Fire Lookout Tower today...
is trying to figure out how to talk to children about jesus being the bread of life...
is looking forward to Taize tonight...
is in awe of the cycle of life after visiting a 103 year old woman and then hearing the heartbeats of three little triplets at 28 weeks in their mommy's tummy! back to back hospital visits -- being a pastor is so cool. people pay us to do this?? (not that
was told today (by a nurse at the hospital) that "a pastor is the last thing she would take me for." which begs the question...what is the first thing she would take me for?
wishes she could teleport herself to Dallas tonight to celebrate George's 20th anniversary at Wilshire...
went fly fishing today for the first time and LOVED it...thanks to *PROPNAME* for being such a fabulous teacher! This is the first fish I caught...a pretty big rainbow trout. We had to resuscitate him a bit when we released him back into the water...I didn't kn
is changing gears from "nurse" back to "pastor" as *PROPNAME* is back in Laramie and Sunday morning is coming soon...
is sitting in her clean house anticipating the arrival of the youth group...home made ice cream and frolicking in Wash Park...perfect summer evening.
is spending her Saturday sleeping & sermonizing & snacking.
just "is."
welcomes *PROPNAME* into the world!  Congratulations *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*!
went white water rafting today for the first time in 10 years...since senior trip at WBC! Thought of you Wilshire friends - *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME* *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*...
is grateful for The Threshold's ministry...I could sit in Taize for hours.
is going to her first Broncos game tonight and her first Rockies game tomorrow night! Thanks to *PROPNAME* & *PROPNAME*...and *PROPNAME*!
is savoring vanilla gelato garnished with fresh raspberries, blueberries, blackberries, & strawberries...
is missing *PROPNAME* (and *PROPNAME*)
feels so blessed by her church family...there couldn't be a better church to serve than Calvary!
has too much to do in too little time. Why is the "to-do" list getting longer every day instead of shorter?
is beginning yet another weekend with too much to do in too little time...hmm...no more bulletin board or nametag board projects for a long time...
likes Laramie.
is stoked that *PROPNAME*'s off the river and back in cell phone range!
is not pleased with the 9th inning of the Rockies//Cardinals game...
always enjoys the quiet sanctity of the church in the early morning hours on Sunday...
is taking care of *PROPNAME* post-sinus surgery...he is sans a giant fistful of polyps. Yeah!
It's pretty easy to switch my loyalties from Dallas to Denver with the Rockies in the playoffs & the Broncos beating the Cowboys...
is giving thanks for *PROPNAME*'s life and friendship and can't believe she would have been 27 today...
is sermonizing after having accidentally slept all day...
is headed to the Franciscan Retreat Center in Colorado Springs for the SoulJourners Retreat...
had a fabulous celebratory evening with the *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, & *PROPNAME* last night in Big D - and is now off to see her brother's new house...
is not okay with the fact that a mouse keeps traipsing across her living room as if he's been living here his whole life. I'm off to buy poison or a trap or something -- but somebody please reassure me that he will not climb up into my bed tonight...please!
is sermonizing on seat selection, servanthood, & stewardship...
is packing up and heading to Wyoming for 48 hours (give or take) of pure "vacation!"
is off to Laramie for a couple days!
is praying for *PROPNAME*...
is stoked that she is going to hear *PROPNAME* tomorrow night - in Denver!   Ah...memories of "Downstairs Cafe" and "Uncle Calvin's" in Dallas and "Club Passim" in Cambridge...
is missing her matthew...
is in Dallas...
Wow. Thanks for all the birthday greetings! 'twas a good day...and giving God thanks for all of you...
is sermonizing...her favorite saturday night pastime...
is sick. :(
is sermonizing and soothing her sore throat...slowly but surely my health is returning! Thanks be to God!
is still sick...and wishes she wasn't...
wishes *PROPNAME* wasn't stuck in Chicago...how many flights can be cancelled for one person in 48 hours?
is thinking a *PROPNAME* movie marathon is calling her name...
is still sick...day 8...hopefully by the new year i'll be well...
is ringing in the new year with a bowl of Kix & a glass of water & Wii golf.  yeah...i'm cool. ; )
just saw a tragic//comedic drama - August: Osage County - and thought it was intensely true and devastating and redemptive and isolating and packed with anger, hurt, joy, confusion, misunderstandings, and innocent deceptions. This family could be the centerpiece of a dissertation on family systems theory!
is still sick...first time to miss christmas eve services...good thing i have great colleagues...
is relaxing with *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, & *PROPNAME*...and *PROPNAME* is showing me pictures of Boston and making me sad...
*PROPNAME* is excited about Epiphany...her second favorite Liturgical Season!
is officially one year behind in her thank you note writing.
is excited that *PROPNAME* Crews is coming to Denver tomorrow!
enjoyed the Santa Fe Arts Walk tonight!
is going to hear *PROPNAME* read her own poetry tonight...
is excited that *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* will be in Denver soon!
is enjoying re-connecting with colleagues at the resident reunion in Dallas...
can't wait for *PROPNAME* to get here!
is happy for New Orleans...
is sermonizing in hopes of being transfigured in the process...
hanging out with *PROPNAME* :)
is happy to finally be home for a while after lots of running around lately!
sad about the loss of the elephant calf at the Memphis Zoo:(
would like to know why our water is off
is doing some major housecleaning!
didn't think that coming to take care of the water heater first thing in the morning meant 11...I guess there's still 45 mins until it afternoon!
just had a wonderful chat with *PROPNAME* on the phone and is about to start making dinner:)
went to see "The Hangover" tonight then came home to enjoy a nice relaxing jacuzzi tub bath with a glass of wine...life doesn't get much better than that!
For once I meant to let my phone battery die all the way before recharging and did I remember to plug it in once it reached that point? Not until just now...oops
is making rice krispies treats!
Is excited to have 2 more new books from Paperback swap but can't decide what to read now!
is annoyed that GM decided it would be cool to have some stupid ass bracket for wiper blades on the G6 resulting in me having to pay $70 for replacement blades.
had a good workout at the gym this afternoon, just took a nice relaxing jacuzzi bath and now off to bed with fresh from the dyer sheets. Ahhhhh fantastic:)
The first 2 Atlantic tropical storms, *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*, have formed. I'm not too worried but have to admit there's a little unease about the idea of something making it here. Afterall, this is my first rodeo!
*PROPNAME* and her friend are coming to visit me next weekend!!! So excited!!!
had a great day with a wonderful friend and a wonderful evening with a great boyfriend. I'm one lucky girl:)
Sometimes, I'll watch a movie that I watched when I was younger and suddenly realize I had no idea what the f**k was going on when I first saw it.
is nervous about getting cavities filled for the first time ever tomorrow:( The up side is that it probably isn't as bad as repair work from stepping on a shovel;) There I feel a bit better now!
is excited about dinner and movie date night:)
How many times is it appropriate to say "What?" before you just nod and smile because you still didn't hear what they said?
*PROPNAME* brought me breakfast in bed this morning, hanging out with *PROPNAME* later, then a delicious pineapple pork chop dinner made by *PROPNAME* and watching a movie..what a great day it's going to be!:D
If *PROPNAME* San Diego and *PROPNAME* ever got together, their offspring would probably just be completely invisible.
is trying to decide what to stock the fridge with so there is a chance that *PROPNAME* will eat something besides fast food for 5 days that I'm gone! :)
is a huge nerd and posting books on paperback swap:)
Bad news: Novocaine is wearing off so my mouth is hurting a bit now. Good news: I can now drink my pumpkin spice latte without dribbling:)
is glad that we waited to watch Wolverine as a rental.
is wondering how many people get themselves screwed out of money by not paying attention and keeping records of stuff. I just added another $70 to my "um no dumby actually I don't owe you that money" total. Yay me:)
I like all of the music in my iTunes, except when it's on shuffle, then I like about one in every fifteen songs in my iTunes.
"You try growing up in a trailer park with nothing but dust mites and Lithuanians and see where that gets you"..a line from a terrible movie on netflix on demand, but it made me giggle
is off to the gym!
is feeling productive after posting *PROPNAME*'s care on autotrader. If anyone is possibly interested in a 2006 Honda Civic Si for ~$13500 let me know. I will post the link too once it's officially up on the site!
off to the store to get the things I need to make caramel apple cookies. I hope that mine turn out as good as the picture! I also hope that they have the caramel bits I need at this Walmart!
is wondering what the heck? Last week my computer hard drive died and just a few minutes ago I got the blue screen of death from my DirecTV box saying a problem has been detected on my hard drive. Not cool.
Fantastic day of hanging out with friends and doing some shopping:) Relaxing on the couch reading for a bit
had a busy day. Time for a nap before possibly carving pumpkins this evening:)
perhaps *PROPNAME* putting off getting our Halloween costumes for so long was really his way of helping me find my awesome costume idea :)
Happy Halloween! Almost timet to make some snacks for the party tonight:)
Carving pumpkins with *PROPNAME*...pictures to come soon:)
shooting and punching some stuff in Borderlands:)
just heard a commercial on the radio about some pill to lower cholesterol. They actually said "Do you have high cholesterol due to poor diet or lack of exercise? Then you need to try this"  No, actually you need to try improving your diet and exercising a bit first.  Just a crazy thought I had...
is happy that my new hard drive is installed. Yay!
is pretty sure I'm coming down with whatever *PROPNAME* considering I just folded a load of towels and now feel completely drained.  The good news is that the TV is working again:)
is not having a good night. Watching some TV then heading to bed.
is making some grub
is not happy that our A//C is not working. Grrrr
just finished watching "The Ugly Truth", cute movie:)
has a cold:(
just finished watching " Dear Zachary: a letter from a father to his son". It was a pretty good documentary but very emotional...I suggest having tissues nearby
plans to sit on the couch watching movies all day.
almost time to make white chicken chili with cheddar jalepeno hushpuppy crust. It's going to be even better than usual 'cause we finally have some fall weather here!
just saw a commercial for Rihanna's 20//20 interview about her ordeal with *PROPNAME*...isn't it convenient that she is finally able to talk about it in an interview aired the day after her new album comes out?
is watching "The Proposal". *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*...even if the movie is crap it won't be a total waste:)
is excited about my helicopter shaped cookie cutter:)
mmm peppermint mocha coffee creamer:)
doing some online Christmas shopping
doesn't know what to make of the fact that based on my interest in TV shows like "Brotherhood" and "Californication" , Netflix has a recommendations section of other "Dysfunctional family dramas"  This includes "Dexter" and "Rescue Me" which are both shows I watch. Oh Netflix you know me so well.
is not sure what the repairman fiddled with yesterday to get some warm air to come out of the heater for a while but I'm pretty sure that the heat is still not working quite right considering that after running for 8 hours with the thermostat set to 72 it is still only 65 in my house and there is cool..no cold air blasting out of the vents...and yes it is on heat not AC;)
wasn't very impressed with "Taking of Pelham 123" although I was amused by *PROPNAME*'s character talking about the girl he took to Iceland..a Lithuanian ass model named Lavitika.  Ha
is happy to have a new working DirecTV box. I can open the guide and switch channels without it freezing....and the DVR works. I can now go back to waiting until a few minutes into a show before I start watching and then fast forward through commercials!
is getting very excited about decorating for Christmas! We are heading out to get a tree and all that fun stuff in a while:)
is off to the gym again. I tried and can't think of a valid reason not to go, plus my legs aren't sore are at all from yesterday. I will will thank myself for this later:)
is happily watching Pixar short films on abc family while my DVR records *PROPNAME* on another channel:) Oh and I'm drinking my pumpkin spice coffee too! Life is good!
Happy Thanksgiving everybody! I'm thankful for friends to share Thanksgiving with:) Now time to make some yummy food to share later
is making spaghetti sauce. Yum!
has a cold and is curled up on the couch resting.
blue
Thanks for all the birthday wishes yesterday! I had a great day:)
can't believe it. I got the new Wii Fit Plus game, it has a lot of fun new games and features. However, after not using the wii fit for a few months we decided to do the fitness test stuff again. Me(since last time): +2.9 lbs, still a healthy weight and BMI, wii age 54. *PROPNAME*: -8.6lbs, reccommends a healthy weight of gaining 6lbs, wii age 32. On the positive side, I have lost 5 of the 8 lbs I gained over the holidays!
was annoyed with the state of LA for sending a notice that my car policy was cancelled on 11//20//2009 even though that is just my renewal date and they lost the info my insurance company sent...oh and it took them 2 months to do something about it. My grumpiness was fixed by talking to the rep at Progressive. She was friendly and talkative, like a less annoying version of the girl on the commercials. Thanks *PROPNAME*!
is taking *PROPNAME* to the vet for her annual check-up. I know it's good for her I just always feel a bit bad because she hates it so much :(
Dear Louisiana Office of Motor Vehicles employees, I understand that you probably get stuck dealing with stupid, annoying people on a regular basis.  That doesn't mean you have to be rude to everyone, especially not the friendly people like me darn it!
did an hour long workout and now I'm trying to convince myself to vacuum the house.
Funny: Every time I have to spell a word over the phone using 'as in' examples, I will undoubtedly draw a blank and sound like a complete idiot. Today I had to spell my boss's last name to an attorney and said "Yes that's G as in...(10 second lapse)..ummm...Goonies"
has recooped from working out and has caught a cleaning bug!
is making sweet potatoe split pea soup. I hope it's good!
can't believe the amount of mosquitos outside already. Boo!
why oh why do I let myself watch animal cops shows? I just end up feeling a mix of sadness for the animals and almost rage towards the people involved.
set my calorie goal for wii fit tonight as a piece of fried chicken....turns out it takes a lot of work to burn off a piece of fried chicken!
was enjoying my morning shower until one of those stupid Saints remixes came on the radio. I'm all for that kind of thing when I actually go to games, but I'm sick of hearing it in regular rotation on the radio.
A bit mean...but damn funny Sarchasm : The gulf between the author of  sarcastic wit and the person who doesn't get it.
is watching a movie:)
just finished playing wii fit plus and burned an ice cream cone worth of calories. Now it's ok for me to eat an ice cream right? Kidding:)
accidentally clicked the wrong button on a page. Sorry for sending that farmville thing to everyone!
The feminine version of the name *PROPNAME* meaning "the woman." Basically never printed on magnets, mugs or other souvenir paraphernalia. Often mistaken for *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME* or *PROPNAME*. My name is *PROPNAME*, not *PROPNAME*, dammit. (Urbandictionary.com, type in your first name, copy and paste the first entry)
is off to bed and hoping not to be woken up by things flapping and crashing from the crazy wind outside. On the up side it's going to be in the 60-70 range for the next week!:)
feels bad for my sick boyfriend. I know he feels really crappy 'cause he's sitting still and not playing videogames!
thinks it might be time for a nap:)
is off to work out. I don't want to but it's been 3 days:(
doesn't think the changes to facebook were really needed but honestly I'm more annoyed with all the complaints I've seen about it. You get it for free so if that means every once in a while you have to deal with a new layout well...deal with it!:)
starting to make some delicious snacks to enjoy while watching the Superbowl later
is home from the Lockport Mardi Gras parade and is ready for a nap!
really wishes that my old doctor's office would learn how to do math. I don't appreciate getting rather large bills for amounts that BSBC and I have already paid. Oh and thanks for putting it in the 120 day slot so I get to stress about further stupidity on your part resulting in a bad outcome for me.
wonders how sick Bon Jovi is of singing this song
likes the new Spartan football promo video! :) I'm exited for football season!
"no more than 5 pages" is my new favorite phrase! :)
one page left then editing! and 24 + hours till the paper is due! SCORE!!
is sad that Tetris is not working! :(
is in desperate need of a social life!!! :(
hates writing papers.
hmmm....I uninstalled 1 tiny program and now I can do internet, and symantec works?! oh well, maybe my computer is not dying after all! :)
is on Kiawah Island having an amazing vacation with her favorite person!!
2 papers done! now time for the very last edits and a read-through by mommy! :)
yay band camp! I can't wait for friday!!
is frustrated and displeased with the way that the next few weeks are shaping up. Mail.msu.edu doesn't make the situation any better. I'm sending a complaint!
thinks it would be nice to have a car! :P
is back in MI!!
is home in the OC!!
is WAY too excited for New Moon!
somehow has to BS 5 pages of scientific paper about a frustratingly inconclusive field project AND have sources to cite about it. FML
is le tired!
misses everyone in EL!! I can't wait for preseason!!! :)
thinks there should be more time in the day and that mail.msu.edu is stupidly slow!
is SO excited for Freshman Dress!!!!!!!
one more week of summer please!!!
yay clean laundry!!!! :)
is excited for GAMEDAY TOMORROW!!!!! GO STATE!!!!!
Toga Toga Toga!!
is 3 weeks in and already tired of reading!!!!
is mostly unpacked and moved in! :)
is home and not ready to be back in the real world yet! ://
GO STATE BEAT THE BADGERS!!!!!!!
LOVES the SMB!!!!!!!
is still waiting for mail.msu.edu, but is SO excited to move into her new apartment on Sunday!! :)
needs another weekend
back in EL! Call me!
thinks the best thing to ever happen to hot chocolate is *PROPNAME*'s special dark cocoa powder!!! :)
is moving to her new apartment in EL!!!
had a great weekend, but is not ready for classes tomorrow!! ://
finally has finished her paper! :) still needs to be edited, but at least it's done!! :D
can't wait for later tonight!
has a long day but a fun night ahead of her!
tired tired tired, but come on out to the Dance Party at Sparty Watch tonight!!! 8-midnight!!
needs to find someone to live with next year!!!
.......so apathetic........
is excited for a weekend on a lake with friends!! :)
needs to find a good place for a nap! :)
Midnight Madness and then a few hours of sleep before Spartan Football!!
GO STATE!!! BEAT THE WILDCATS!!!!!!
best way to relax after a crazy morning: blanket and Chopin
had a good weekend and is now tired!!!!
loves bid night!! :)
doesn't want to write her paper...
blah blah blah-blah blah blah blah
came out to campus to study, and forgot headphones!! how am I supposed to memorize music without headphones!!? :(
procrastination will get me in trouble one of these days.... :P
Spartan Spooktacular, 8pm kickoff against the gofers, and then Halloween!!!
bored bored bored.....not ready for thursday! I don't have 2 tunes memorized!!! :(
drunk MSU fans when I was biking home after the game: "oh, band fag coming through" I don't like to swear, but I had to bite my tongue to keep from either flicking them off or just simply saying "FUCK YOU!"
today I saw an old woman walking across the bridge by Sparty. She was wearing a bright aqua colored shirt. Right behind her was a college guy wearing a t-shirt of the exact same hue. It made me smile! :P
Just has to get to wednesday at 2:30 pm. then I'm home free!
was named very appropriately. *PROPNAME* means industrious//labor.
auto tune the news - the best way to waste time!!! :P
thinks conscientious is should be spelled more phonetically. Maybe like: conchienchous...:P
is confused by the two different kinds of news feed.....
Is not sure she wants to be done yet! GO STATE BEAT THE LIONS!!!!! I love my senior buddies! and I hope everyone's ready for a sob-fest!!!
would like to have more than 24 hours in a day!!
GO STATE BEAT THE LIONS!!!!!!
loves group projects! especially when I do 90% of the work! Awesome!..... NOT!!!
thinks she may have to walk to class in the morning.... but still LOVES SNOW!!!!!!
just found the perfect internship - free housing, food stipend, working in a zoo for 40 hours a week getting a first hand look at all the veterinary stuff that I hope to be doing in a few years!!!!! :) I hope I get in!!!
hates writing papers!!!!!!! I don't know how English majors do it!
Has had an AMAZING yet utterly unproductive weekend! :P
just realized how many projects//papers are due in the next 4 weeks! EEK!! :(
just doesn't feel like working... how about sleep!? :)
has a great night planned!! State of 5ths concert and then fun night with her favorite old roomie!! :)
one more final left and then I'm DONE!! :)
is DONE with writing her paper! now I just have to edit it and start studying for finals! ://
tengo un gato!? if you know anyone who lives in Berrytree and has a black cat that is missing, I have her!!!
1 1//2 pages done...this thing needs to be 10!!!! :(
Girl 1: Eeew! It's all blue and jiggly! Girl 2: I can't get it out! ~I heard this today in the *PROPNAME* cafeteria relating to.... jello! :P
hopes that this Evolution final goes as well as that tetris game did too! :P
kinda hopes that her finals go as well as that game of tetris just did! :P
is home in OC!!!!
I sent the kitty home! it was kinda fun to have a kitty cat for a day! :)
cookie dough + glee + packing to go home = a great afternoon!!!
Shindig at my house at 7!! call for directions! :D
wishes everyone a very Merry Christmas *PROPNAME*!
book-faced HACKED!!!! muahahahahaha
Can't wait to go to TEXAS!!!!! :D
doesn't want to study anymore!!
loves having her language preference as English (pirate)!!!!! arrrrggg matey!!
going to Chicago! :)
LOVES SNOW!!!!! :)
thinks her mondays, wednesdays, and fridays this semester are going to be awesome! :) Environmental physiology seems like a GREAT class!! :)
has some pretty mighty senioritis, and apathy right now... BUT I bought a class ring today!!!! :D
is back in EL, but not ready to start classes yet!! :(
Can't wait for today to be over! then I'll have an application mailed, and be off to Texas!! :)
now has pierced ears!! :) but I can't swim for 2 months!! :( sounds like I'm going to get to know the treadmill really well! :P
JUST GOT THE BEST INTERNSHIP EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D I'll be spending 5 weeks this summer shadowing and learning from zoo vets at the Seneca Zoo in Rochester, NY!!!!! :D
Dinner with *PROPNAME* and then I'm finally getting my ears pierced!!!! :D
GO STATE BEAT THE BOBCATS!!!!!
can't believe it. I wore my favorite bracelet and ring to 3rd degree today. Real Turquoise and silver, and come home, to realize that I lost the stone in the bracelet!!! :'( if anyone has seen it, PLEASE let me know!!!!
IT'S SNOWING!!!!!!! IN KENTUCKY!!!!!!! I guess it's about time for our biennial snowstorm! :D
thinks that if she doesn't find a faster way to get all her reading homework done this semester, she will go crazy!!!! ://
needs to FOCUS!!!!!
thinks she needs more spontaneity in her life! Last night was so much fun! going to UofM on a whim to see old friends! :D
was worried when she saw the new facebook layout page until she figured out how to get to Tetris! She is ridiculously addicted to that game! :P
thinks break.com is the best website ever! :)
is listening to mice play and chat in her ceiling! ://
GO STATE!!!!!!! WOOT!!!!!!!!! SECOND YEAR IN A ROW!!!!!!!! nothing could make this day better!!!!
is sleeping :)
now has unlimited texting!! Yessssss!!
IT'S SNOWING!!!!!! :D
thinks she was sleepwalking last night"...I don't remember wearing this when I went to bed..."
you know I've been busy when I haven't played tetris in 3 days! :P
is going to be reading textbooks for the rest of her life! :( only 1 chapter of neurobio left, then 2 chapters to catch up in Euk. Cell bio, and then 2-3 in Environmental Phys.... oh goodie... ://
AHHHHH!!!! The best surprise ever!
is soooooooooooooo sick :(
geneva....geneva... geneva - you should just pay for a  bus ticket back to nyc...
Yeay to Squamish!
Thanks for all the birthday wishes!
Hoping it's not gonna rain today... or... in the next week... or... ever.
Thanks for all the birthday wishes and Madison Beach 6:30. Everything's casual.
Excited about *PROPNAME*'s awesome pics from yesterday;)
me thinks I'm healthy
oh life.
Driving down Mosel to Luxembourg! Then catching the early bird tomo to Baaar-the-looona yippee
7 days and counting...
In Barcelona - simply amazing
then second - can i make things worse than it already is?
Dr. Horrible Blog, reminds me of the themes in Wicked. sooo goood.
Vancouver... Wednesday night... yes?
is stoked about this weekend. Marble Canyons: here we come!
is hoping in vain for sunshine...
finds a good mix of farming, socializing, and killing monsters to be very therapeutic.
is sick?
is sick, but not badly.
believes that summer has indeed arrived.
is excited about mural painting!
has finally completely uploaded her Alaska pictures.
feels old after watching the sixth Harry Potter movie.
paints some more mural.
is back from Alaska!
is working on new profile pic as E-28.
is having fun at work.
is feeling odd.
never realized that there was Boston Fashion Week.
is looking forward to sunny Saturday in the park.
proves to be awesome at picking out paint colors.
needs to buy newer karaoke songs.
has joined the Harvard Ballroom Team!
was too busy watching Castle last night (fashion! murder! mayhem!) to upload pics.
clearly needs to transfer new pictures from her camera to her computer.
is sad to discover that 8+ hours of sleep is needed to keep this old(er) body going.
is leaving work for some down-time before dance(!!!).
Castle > shopping.
feels satisfied with where she is in life for the first B(ig)day in a long time.
is looking forward to Homecoming weekend.  :)
has the most amazing friends ever.
dislikes how utterly miserable the weather outside is.
realizes that she probably can't afford (staying alive-wise) to pig out on sweets around Harvard Square everytime she has dance practice.
does not like sickness.
is at Amherst!!!
sees that People's Republic of China turns 60 today, but finds Mom's birthday more important.
is super excited that Merlin season 2 has started!!!
brightens your day.
has a long but exciting work day.
wants more sunshine!
s doctor is sick...so all her preparations for pain is not needed for another two weeks.
is ready to kick some bacteria butt!
wants *PROPNAME*'s dresses from the CMA.
raked some leaves this weekend!
wants buffalo chicken chowder for lunch.  :*(
wishes it was as warm out as the sunny blue sky with wispy clouds seems to indicate.
is scared of the weather tomorrow.
sill isn't friends with her flue vaccine...
is sub-sub-optimal again.  :(
is using the excellent combination of juice and calories to tip the balance between sickness and health.
wants to know who (is in Boston and) wants to see Avenue Q!
This actually works!: The Facebook Trick: Press Up, Up, Down, Down, Left, Right, Left, Right, B, A, enter key then right click. Then press up then down & magic circles will appear! Put this as your status IF IT WORKED FOR YOU!
needs to reset because the recent bout of failing Westerns clearly indicates there is a bug in the system.
is ready for Baltimore!  (Is Baltimore ready for Hua?  Maybe not...)
cannot speak due to throat pain.  This brings back memories of the first few days of school at Ramapo Middle.  Hopefully, this time there won't be racial slurs thrown around.
gets to visit the Baltimore Aquarium again!!!
invites you to feel the magic of the holidays by visiting the Harry Potter exhibit at Museum of Science Boston on Dec. 12 (Sat).
is looking for her face again (where is that camera cord?!).
now knows that flu vaccines are not friends.
can speak again!  (As long as you ignore the occasional bouts of severe coughing.)
needs to Wii Fit Plus more in order to stay in shape for dance (why yes, that does count).
won't have any wisdom teeth left in 24 hours.  :(
thanks the kind soul who turned in her wallet, and dislikes whoever took $100 out (holiday shopping now looks a lot less happy).
is feeling >70% and can stop letting work get delayed. (= happiness)
is looking for a wallet...Bed, Bath, & Beyond shoppers//employees...please be kind and save it from being ravaged until I can go back to your shop.  T_T
thanks *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* for the gorgeous additions (especially the personalized jacket that she's showing off at work today) to her closet and the giant hole in her wallet. <3
has landed in Boston and is back at work.  :D
wishes all a very very awesome new year full of laughter and joy.
is sad that she's shorter than the shortest semi-finalist on cycle 13 of ANTM (*PROPNAME*'s French accent is SCARY).
wishes that her experiments would WORK when she's in the lab, especially when she's staying past normal going home time. D:
must eat lots of sticky and crunchy food before Thursday morning!
is rehauling her facebook...warning...warning...information and photos may (dis)appear...
is going to eat ice cream cake before lunch.  :D
has 28 teeth left.  At this rate of loss (2//decade), she'll be toothless by age 160...not too bad.  :| <--currently cannot grin//smile
is singing Christmas songs (to all of you!).
is hungry.
is going to see if Chinese dance is in her future.
is already hard at work!
is rewatching the first half of Knock Knock Loving You (the only portion worth watching).
has sore muscles from dancing too hard this weekend.
wants a nap.
has finally made it to Part III of *PROPNAME*'s Immunobiology book.
now believes in the "bad things come in threes" proverb.
is super excited about the first day of dance practice!
is awed by how 30 minutes can triple her RAM.  <3
is keeping her lab notebook up-to-date.
hasn't yet watched this week's episode of Castle (and thus is failing at life!!!).
must work hard today so that she can go home before the super heavy snowfall starts.
plans to visit Orlando (Harry Potter! Sun!) during April's long weekend (go Patriot's Day!).
is glad *PROPNAME* has taken responsibility for what happened.  Don't worry, *PROPNAME*, I'm not mad at you!
misses Ithacan winters.  Hot weather sucks.  Chicago better be a freezer.
just played Quidditch.  It was awesome.
Holy Crap!  *PROPNAME*'s has a rewards program that lets you get a free chocolate from the store every month!  How awesome is that?
starts his job tomorrow.  Goodbye Freetimesville, hello Moneytown Station!
can't help but smile.
is liking the new job so far.  Of course, the kids have yet to arrive...
is my name and I'm here to say, I have the symptoms of an awesome day!
is going to miss you.
had a dream come true!  Last night I dreamt about eating a cinnamon bun, and today I ate a cinnamon bun!
knows that if we tie our houses together, the world will revolve around us!
is about to lead an activity on Dating Etiquette...wish me luck.
is sad the weekend is here...  Can't wait for Sunday, 7pm.
is going to nuke the site from orbit.  It's the only way to be sure.
is out getting the paper...before the monsters do, am I right?
thinks he'll start a Prussia-style diary, and this status update will remind him of his choice until he finally acts upon it.
is currently preptastic.
Hey my Rhode Island friends.  What rocks to do in Providence and what's the best Italian place in the city?
is sick of starting letters with "dear."  My friends are more than dear, I'm using different adjectives from now on.  "Anti-Establishment *PROPNAME*, how are you?  Signed, *PROPNAME*."  Screw you, convention!
is done!  Hooray!
wants to be asleep and isn't.  Damn you, not-terrible work ethic!
is going to a research reactor tomorrow, yay!
is thinking tonight of his old college town...
is all set for tomorrow!
is impressed that the ads on the side of FB are getting relevant without being offensively so...finally.  I've got an ad for a book I like, a band I like, and a movie by an animator I like.  Yay!
grew bolder day by day.
wants a cottage cheese and pastrami sandwich on banana bread, even if it severely ruins your reputation!
wishes everyone a happy first day of classes yayyyyyyy!
had a great day off...
is a doctor, not a writer of witty status updates, damnit!
doesn't want to say goodbye next week.  : (
finds fiction much more interesting when you imagine the same actors and voice actors to be the same people instead of different characters.  Holy crap, *PROPNAME*'s father is Liquid Snake!  Hey look, Obi-Wan Kenobi is helping Don Quixote liberate the Arabs in WWI!
wishes all of his Cornellian friends good luck tomorrow!  Enjoy it, it's a wonderful place.
wants to see a version of that *PROPNAME* story "Gift of the Magi" where one of the people receives a Bible, only to inform their friend that they sold their soul to Satan to buy them their gift.
knows he wants to be Canadian, please.
had a pretty good day: kayaking, bughouse dodgeball, four-square, and lap tag.  Plus good conversation...
can't help but smile.
is looking forward to his new college town.
is one iteration closer to his desired solution!
finally has apartment pictures up.
is in Chicago, yay!  He still misses *PROPNAME*, though...
started a Prussia-style diary.  Huh...that didn't take long at all.  http:////todayiwassoawesome.wordpress.com//
actually danced at a dance.  It was fun.
loved *PROPNAME*!
didn't know the chemicals in jalapeno peppers could make your bare skin feel kinda burny.  Huh.
is off Monday, August 3.  Anyone want to do something then?
wants a fat little shetland pony who will complete missions for me...
has to start planning his thesis...
had a MUCH better first day of classes than he expected.
wishes he were in Ithaca.  : (
is getting better at resisting the urge to Ragequit.
is in love with a girl named *PROPNAME*...  Damn that stuff is delicious.
wishes he and his friends could burst into random song and dance like in musicals...
looks a lot more like a young Lenin with his ushanka than he ever realized.
recently realized there's a large whole in his theoretical structure of life.  It may be a few interations before he has a working solution.
is one iteration closer to his desired solution.
wonders whether anyone's ever done an etymological history of onomatopoeia.  Why did "oink" become so popular when most pigs I've seen go "reeee"?  Why did "fap" become so popular?  Is it accuracy or something else?  A most interesting question...  Any linguistics majors in need of a paper topic?
never gives up, never surrenders!
is feeling rather Odinesque today...in a Ragnarok sorta way.
is enjoying Chicago immensely.  If only time were passing a little more slowly.
wants to thank the Tabasco company for listing the Scoville Heat Units of its products, and thinks all spicy food makers should follow suit.
wishes he were in Ithaca.  They get snow...
just hit a wall of work.
thinks he's going to make truffles tomorrow...FOR SCIENCE!
has finally started orientation!  Seems pretty good so far.
has finally ended orientation!  That was fast...  Perspectives in Social Science, Historical Methods, and Early Modern England will be my classes this quarter, it seems.
gave up on being a productive member of society when he left engineering, OK Social Sciences?  Just let me write about cool people.  I don't want to think about how my topic benefits anyone.
loves Holst oh so much.
PONY!
feels like a koala crapped a rainbow in his brain!
gazed upon the face of the Savior of the Monkeys and wept from the beauty of the sight.
is done with the MAPSS midterm and much happier because of it.
thinks he'll apply to Pigfarts for next year.
leaves for Chicago tomorrow.  Can't wait!  Now if only the magical packing fairy would visit me...
associates Russian classical composers with Christmas, for some reason.  Not just the Nutcracker stuff, either.  It's a bit odd...  Especially since everyone knows Santa lives in Finland, not Russia.
just found out Megas XLR is on iTunes!  Life just got a little bit more awesome.
is ready to begin his day fueled with the power of french toast!  Readings: prepare to be read...
has too many unknowns to solve his equations, but he'll never stop trying.
digs giant robots.
Dear everyone: crack open a dictionary and start using "hypothesis" and "theory" correctly from now on.  It's not that hard, and misusing the word confuses stupid people to whom I then need to listen, which makes me sad.  : (
lernas Esperanton!
has chourico!  The tastiest, most delicious meat known to mankind!  And I'm going to eat the crap out of it!
amas lerni novaj lingvoj!
is thankful for all his wonderful friends!  Happy Thanksgiving, everyone!  I wish I could spend it with every one of you.
Alright Holst, listen up.  I'm going to see your music tomorrow and I don't want anything supernatural to prevent it, got it?  I'm sick of your crap.
danced again last night.  This is starting to become a pattern...
remembers a time when he was able to easily find classes because the school actually had its shit together and managed to have a central location with all the course descriptions.
Good morning!  And in case I don't see ya, good afternoon, good evening, and good night!
reads from his past and mourns the future.
"I love her better than anybody here, and see her seldomer.  So it often happens in the world."-*PROPNAME*
has finished his skeleton drafts, hooray!  Suck it, essays!
HAL is alive once again!  Just in time for 2010, conveniently enough.  Not sure if I'm gonna keep him, cuz he's now missing MS Word, but eh, he has internet.
s ganache is delicious.
Dear Online Dictionary Makers, Let people search the text of the entries, not just the entry words.  Make your dictionaries more like a human brain.  Let me search "make things the same" and find words that include those words in their definitions.  That would rock. Love, *PROPNAME*
I have enemies?  I thought these things always just happened...
feels weird being in the library during Finals Week as a patron...
Holy crap this is hilarious: http:////www.standforchristmas.com//pages//home Just read these reviews.  What bigoted morons think like this?  Read the "Offensive" ones.  They're the best.
is starting to wonder whether his eyes reflect light in the near-infrared spectrum or something that's just out of sight for humans but visible to cameras, cuz man, if I only had photos to go by I would swear my eyes are red.
And now all I have to do is pack!  Hooray!  One quarter down, two to go!
is filling his diaries with references to dinosaurs and Bigfoot.  This way, when the world ends and future historians have only my diary for primary sources, they'll think that at least the world was awesome before it ended.  If you care about tricking the future into believing our era was the awesomest ever, I encourage you to do the same.  Together, we can do it!
I'm home, wheee!
One paper submitted, two to go.
RIP HAL 9000...  I think your successor will be named Metal Gear.
has the most melodramatic sister in the world...
just got his mind blown.  Apparently *PROPNAME* from Salute Your Shorts, the rich girl, was played by a Chinese-American actress.  I totally never noticed that.  Ever.  Thank you, www.tvtropes.org for once again, showing that I have a terrible memory.
is beginning to miss Chicago and his friends there...
dreads his mortality as he walks the empty aisles of a library, admiring the volumes, yet knowing his life will never last long enough for him to enjoy them all.
Let's see how honest MY FB friends are. Leave a one word comment that you think best describes me. It can only be one word. No more than one word. Then copy & paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you. This should be interesting...
wants to get out of Hyde Park.
wants to be the very best!  Like no one ever was!
A bit of Christmas cuteness: http:////www.watchanimeon.com//axis-powers-hetalia-ii-episode-28//
should just become a chef.
wonders whether love can bloom, even on a battlefield.
Merry Christmas, everyone!
Well crap.  My computer's software is currently corrupted or something and won't work.  Right before my two Hell Weeks begin.  Wheeee...  Anyone in Chicago have a copy of their Windows XP Professional edition CD I can borrow to reinstall stuff?
Is back in Chicago!
s New Year's Resolution is to negate everyone else's resolutions.
27F, feels like 14F....Ah!  It's like being in Ithaca again!  It feels wonderful!  And yes, *PROPNAME*, I am crazy.
Just did the research and writing for his 12 page term paper in 48 hours.  Revision time!
All three of my sidebar ads are currently about meeting girls.  I think Facebook pities me...  :(
returns to Chicago tomorrow!  Yay!
First day of classes for a new quarter!  I hope no suddenly loud girls give me coronary thrombosis like last quarter...
has the same Spring Break as *PROPNAME*!  If any Cornellians want a super awesome place to visit during their Spring Break, keep Chicago in mind...
has a few excellent weekends coming up.  Rock on!
Happy 150th Birthday, Mr Zamenhof!  Thanks for the language!
The Portuguese pronounce X like SH?  Damnit, is it THEIR fault Romanized Chinese does the same?  I always wondered who to blame for that.
wonders whether Professor *PROPNAME* would let him write a term paper on fanfictions using theories from the readings...
Welche bluse magst du lieber, diese oder diese?
Holy mother microfilm is a bitch on the eyes.  Dear 1890, learn to write normal Ms and Ns.  Yours look like Ws and Us.
Come on Massachusetts!  You guys are supposed to be New English!  What happened?
Anyone wanna see The Fly on Wednesday?  It'll be awesome...
just had a great day.
Geez 18th Century Britons, if you love *PROPNAME* the Great so much, why don't you just marry him?
Holy crap!  Hiero II of Syracuse was a former general of Pyrrhus of Epirus!  I never knew that!  Hiero has the official title of Awesomest Friendhaver in the Ancient World now, so far as I'm concerned.  Pyrrhus and Archimedes, at least!  Go Hiero!  You're MY hero!
Can't wait for next weekend, even if he is getting evaluated!
You can ask me one question (Send it to my inbox). Any question- anything. No matter how awkward it can be I'll answer it honestly, no catch. But, I dare you to put this as your status and see what people ask you.  (I can't resist dares...)
Off to the art museum!  Sorry Proposal, I'll work on you later...probably...
Whutta whutta whutta whutta...
wishes a Happy Valentine's Day to all those for whom he cares!  I hope all my friends know how much they mean to me!
Is looking forward to the weekend.
Is off to see *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*!  And I got an awesome gift in the mail today!  And I learned how to construct a book wheel.  Today is just, like, mega-awesome!
I guess this is our last goodbye | And you don't care, so I wont cry | But you'll be sorry when I'm dead | And all this guilt will be on your head | I guess you'd call it suicide | But I'm too full to swallow my pride.
R.I.P MJ
<3 Sumir.
RIP *PROPNAME*...
Walked out this morning, dont believe what I saw | A Hundred billion bottles washed up on the shore | Seems Im not alone at being alone | A Hundred billion castaways, looking for a home...
You always knew just how to make me cry | And never did I ask you questions why | It seems you get your kicks from hurting me | Don't try to understand me | Because your words just aren't enough | Love is a feeling | Give it when I want it | Quench my des
Tokyo.
went out for dinner with a man who just happened to be a host.  True story.
Hey all!  My American Phone is officially off!  Don't call or text it anymore, k?
And we can live in a beautiful world hide away under peaceful skies. We can survive on time and a word feel the nights passing by.
I've finally gotten around to uploading all of my Japan pictures so far.  I know there are an unbelievable amount of them (forgive me, I love taking pics), but enjoy them!
ALLIANCE, n. In international politics, the union of two thieves who have their hands so deeply inserted in each other’s pockets that they cannot separately plunder a third.
missed teaching at the elementary school Thursday...  -sad-
wants to fall in love~
Woke up late and didn't get to eat breakfast today -sad- I'm so hungry...
I want someone to buy me dinner.
"The greatest happiness is to scatter your enemy, to drive him before you, to see his cities reduced to ashes, to see those who love him shrouded in tears, and to gather into your bosom his wives and daughters."
I always make it a rule to let the other fellow fire first.  If a man wants to fight, I argue the question with him and try to show him how foolish it would be.  If he can't be dissuaded, why then the fun begins but I always let him have first crack.  Then when I fire, you see, I have the verdict of self-defence on my side.  I know that he is pretty certain in his hurry, to miss.  I never do.
I want to be loved, but you don't seem to love me | I'm wandering aimlessly within this repetition | And the answer I found is only one; that even if I'm scared, even if I'm hurt | I'll say "I love you" to the person I love
So bored.
“?????” ???????? ???????? You and I ???? ??????? ????? ???????????? ???????? “I want to see you” right now! Even though I want to shout it. I no longer can say “you and I” Even if I try to force it. I can’t catch you Back then you used to be in my armsBut you’re gone now.
is missing you.
"In the absence of orders, find something and kill it."   -*PROPNAME*
"I have a ship and a fighting crew and a girl with lips like wine, and that's all I ever asked.  Lick your wounds, bullies, and break out a cask of ale.  You're going to work ship as she never was worked before.  Dance and sing while you buckle to it, damn you! To the devil with empty seas! We're bound for waters where the seaports are fat, and the merchant ships are crammed with plunder!"
Lupin, like Mr. Huttle, has original and sometimes wonderful ideas; but it is those ideas that are so dangerous. They make men extremely rich or extremely poor. They make or break men. I always feel people are happier who live a simple unsophisticated life. I believe I am happy because I am not ambitious.
Like fire, Hellfire,  This fire in my skin.        This burning, desire,         Is turning me to sin.  | It's not my fault; I'm not to blame.   It is the gypsy girl; The witch who sent this flame  | It's not my fault; If in God's plan.  He made the devil so much stronger than a man
La~st Christmas, I gave you my heart.  The very next day, you gave it away... This year, to save me from tears, I'll give it to someone special.
I hope the survivors in Haiti receive aid quickly...
I will be in Tokyo on the 10th!  Anyone want to entertain//be entertained by me while I'm there?
I like Asahi Super Dry... very much.
Your face.
Slowly walking down the hall, Faster than a cannonball~  Where were you while we were getting high? Someday you will find me, Caught beneath the landslide, In a champagne supernova in the sky~~~
Will be in Tokyo all of Wednesday morning~ Does anyone want to hang out?
is all about NYC tomorrow :-)
is getting ready to wrap up her first week in NYC.
cannot wait for Friday! :-)
has one week left?!
is heading cross country!!
can't wait for Ithaca tomorrow :-)
NYC to incommunicado in 24 hours? Can't wait :-)
is off to her first day of school!
so there's a Guam quarter?
BEST DISCOVERY: There is a Wegman's 10 minutes from my house!!
what's up PA inspection standards?
Longest day ever--but so great to see so many HC people!
is venturing off into the world of high school football. Go Lions?
is making apple-carrot muffins like no one's business.
2 months!!
is heading to Princeton to watch the little bro row in his first race! Go Big Red!
made the most kickass shrimp penne arribiata-like dish! Now, off to watch the game!
is back in DE for the Dover race tomorrow!
is tea at lunch and pumpkin bread muffins after school.
wants it to be 1 month and 2 weeks from now.
is Delaware-bound in just a few hours!
is H1N1 :-(
just booked her tickets to Germany for Winter Break (!!) and is heading to Ithaca tomorrow for Homecoming! Life is good :-)
3 weeks :-)
Last day of school until the New Year!! (3 days!)
just needs to make it through Thursday.
RIP Raccoon in my driveway this morning :-(
is really missing 130 Linden right now.
SNOW!!
Back States' Side :-( What a wonderful trip :-)
will be in NYC by this time tomorrow!
Nine tagen :-)
Potsdam :-)
PHL --> TXL (!!)
Black!  P.S. DC tomorrow!
loves being back in the Mid Atlantic and in high school where 2 hour delays for 3 inches of snow are possible!
vegetarian chili and beans for the little ones
is checking out what Habitat for Humanity is all about!
Snow in Germany!
just made some kickass veggie lasagna!
SNOW DAY!!
s house smells like hickory and fall!
"I gave her my heart and she gave me a picture of me as an old time sheriff."
Fabulous weekend :-)
PHYSICS= BAD.  My Favorite Equation.
I have the best adhi in the whole world...and I HATE physics...
"Hey don't smoke that Tijuana it'll make you crazy," my grandma... hehehhe :)
Happy Friendship Day!!! :)
I want two BUNNIES...THEY ARE SOOOOOO CUTE:)
Graduation Pictures Are STUPID Expensive...So just buy 1 of the smallest pictures and then copy them later...IT IS WAY CHEAPER.....
I have the best adhi in the whole world :)
Dashain ko Subhakaamana sabaai laai!!!Happy Dashain!!!
I wanna get two bunnies....They are sooo cute....
Happy Dashain! Dashain ko Subhakamana Sabaai laai! :)
Hamro Bai haru laai... bhai tikako dherai dherai subhakaamana....:)
H1N1= :| ...  :{  ...  :(  ...  :@...  oink oink *PROPNAME*, "So the Swine flu vaccinations are on shortage til Dec....How come we we never seem to be on shortage for illegal drugs like crystal meth or coke???.... We should hire those guys to make the H1N1 vaccinations..."
HAPPY TIHAR!!!!
“The New England Journal of Medicine reports that 9 out of 10 doctors agree that 1 out of 10 doctors is an idiot."~ *PROPNAME*
"So the Swine flu vaccinations are on shortage til Dec....How come we we never seem to be on shortage for illegal drugs like crystal meth or coke???.... We should hire those guys to make the H1N1 vaccinations..."- jay leno
GO BEARS!!! VERY VERY PROUD TO BE BERKELEY ALUMNI!!! Go BEARS!!... Oh Stanford...you're just never good enough... :(
GO Bears! Very Proud to BE BERKELEY ALUMNI! GO BEARS!
Go Bears!!!
Best Weekend...Eating with family and movie nites with the little cousin... :) :) :)
Proud of the success of her BSP family members!...Congrats to everyone who got into Med School, Dental School, and Grad School!...Best of Luck!
Here's something to think about: How come you never see a headline like 'Psychic Wins Lottery'?~ *PROPNAME*
So UC Tuition Fees are increasing by 30% and the salary of the UC Regents has been increasing since our fee hikes....SO THAT's where all of our tuition money is going...
"Happy Non-Denominational Happy Winter..."  Just kidding... Happy Holidays Everyone...
Red+Purple= Fuschia? :)
AMERICAN AIRLINES is taking doctors and nurses to Haiti for free. Please call 212-697-9767. Spread the word. if you are looking for ways to be of any help... UPS IS SHIPPING TO HAITI FOR FREE TOMORROW!! IT HAS TO BE UNDER 50 lbs!! If you have ANYTHING to give, round up your stuff and... send it out!! PLEASE repost this... to spread the word PLEASE repost!!!!
I'm sooo lucky to have such good friends and family! Thanks for all the sweet bday messages! Lots of love to you all!
"OMG...The new SIMS is soooo cool...You can even make friends and stuff..."- my very lonely friend...
*PROPNAME*'s sons' new car-$360,000  *PROPNAME*'s new ring- $800,000 The Average cost of a 16yrs bday party in West LA- $275,000 (Quotes from NPR) PEOPLE GET IN TOUCH WITH REALITY AND SHARE!!!
DON'T TAKE UGLY BETTY off the air!!! There are plenty of stupid shows on the air ...this is one of the FEW SHOWS that's actually EMPOWERING TO WOMEN and SPEAKS TO REAL PEOPLE!
Happy Lunar Year! I hope it is filled with good health and happiness...and lots of red envelopes! :)
I'm ecstatic!
Missing great diving with my dive group.  *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*...I need to get away!!!!
*PROPNAME* is enjoying *PROPNAME*'s 6th Birthday!!! Happy Birthday Miss *PROPNAME*!!!
I'm sad that I'm not getting on a plane tomorrow with my divegroup to scuba in Bonaire.  Instead, I get to work, work, work!  Have fun all!
Happy....no thrilled....that I've finished both Halloween costumes....with 12 hours to spare!  Pictures tomorrow.  Happy Halloween everyone!
What a day!  I repelled down Vasquez rocks in the afternoon and by evening was carving pumpkins underwater with my dive group at the SCV aquatic center.  Throw in making two halloween costumes and it was quite the Saturday!  Pictures to follow soon!
A proud day today. *PROPNAME* asked me if I'd take her "Black Friday" shopping!  She is even willing to get up at a ridiculous hour to do it!  My days of wondering if I'm a good mom are over!
It's 2am.....why am I not sleeping?????
Another "Nutcracker Weekend" is over.  *PROPNAME* danced in "Act II Opener" and "Chinese" - and did fantastic!  *PROPNAME*'s last year of being in the audience as she plans to be a "Snow Tree" next year, now that she is old enough.  I don't know how the Studio keeps coming up with fresh, new,and fun ideas, but they do.  Congrats to all the girls!
"Mom.....Licorice is in the Christmas tree!!!!"  'Tis the sound of my season this year....guess it's part of the turf with a new kitten!
Trying to get back on the "eating healthy" wagon after the past few days of pure gluttony!
Orange and pink zebra
Oh dear.  Evidently Santa is in Nome, Alaska.....already well past Los Angeles.  Now that we are FINALLY done wrapping, do you think  he will double back and visit our house? Merry Christmas Everyone!!!
Outdid myself this year. Mini beef wellingtons with gorgonzola cheese. Homemade mac and cheese. Liguini and prosciutto frittata (with endless cheese!). Cauliflower au gratin.  The only thing without cheese are the green beans and dessert....homemade chocolate chip cookies and a yule log. Oh.....and the endless martinis that I plan to have to celebrate making it successfully through another Christmas!
Need to stop making brownies as a way to avoid working!  Some days I hate my boss....oh wait....she is me!
Mammo, ultrasound and biopsy, oh my!  To quote *PROPNAME*....."Man, I feel like a woman"....except I'm not thinking that is what she meant.
Happy Summer Solstice to all!
"The creature took the form of a lovely maiden with the idea of bewitching us with her many charms, in the hope that she might get our fish."
has sacked the hallowed heights of Ilion.
Tentatively has a new// old job.
The Iliad: 59 pages in, and I finally finished the translator's introduction to the work. Progress!
Goodbye *PROPNAME*. :(
"Today you courted beauty and a thousand fishes rained at your feet. How do you feel?"
Homeric epic number two!
//machetemachetemachete
wants 1000 points so she can win a real tank. Damn, that's a good movie.
"There's so much that I have to learn, I hope it won't be hard, and I hope it will be snowing on the day they make me tzar!"
wants to be an emergentist!
was digging in the dirt today, and earned her supper.
In conclusion, both of my roommates check facebook more frequently than I.
got some blisters in the garden today.
Aah, the novelty of clipping coupons.
danced on the grass while musicians on the roof serenaded the night.
has no name and is part of the kollective.
Hello, world!
was surprised and pleased to meet *PROPNAME*'s freshman roommate in the bookstore.
Hooray for Friday!
Huh, chestnuts look eerily like brains...
was disturbed to come to the realization that the Dao is the Game. Life is cruel.
Thank you for the kind sentiments, all!
"Poetry is the synthesis of hyacinths and biscuits."
did not expect to end up on a campus tour. Huh.
seems to have acquired a mad swank bike.
off for the weekend!
can't decide if she's using laundry to avoid doing homework or homework to avoid doing laundry.
Welcome to Portland!
Happy Fall Equinox!
unfortunately, folk songs in the autumn grass will always trump paper writing. Back to work for me!
is climbing a tree in search of a fish.
striding forth, undaunted, unafraid, toward the uttermost frontier of thought where wisdom lures me on. O pioneer!
had not realized the degree to which packing boxes is like putting together a puzzle in 3-D. Now it's much more fun!
owned her bio test, now off to read *PROPNAME* in a tree somewhere.
has been wild a-rumpusing! Happy fall break to all.
playing guitar and howling at the moon.
"You coud tell by our soft feet that we were strangers in the land."
"May we suggest giving away what you don't use or need to someone who will worship it by utilizing its potential? If there are things you need, ask your friends first before you add your dollars to the bonfire of consumerism." -- Best.Cookbook.Ever.
Thinking about digging out the firepit for a post New Year's bonfire. Will folks be around// interested in putting together some sort of shindig?
+4 modifier to cuddle puddle optimization. Yay!
is having trouble making sense of her coursework: "Three feet of new powder on a stable base has made the tree skiing orgasmic." Er....
"Soy Nog." Lolwut.
40° weather the day I leave for Oregon? Maine, you are a fickle mistress.
got lost and bought a plant!
dear gods, respiratory arrest.
learning all about self-liberation. Hooray!
I like this work, play and no class thing...summer should happen more often
<3 baking cookies
Ready for an awesome summer at Stanford!!
I'm MeLTING
why does it feel like it should be the weekend by nowwww
migraine = :(
must write essays!
<3's picnics
<//3 new dentist
<3's Hawaii
<3's pedicures
back to workkk
one more week to catch up on life...then VACATION
<3's dancing
home in the heights!
breath of relief!!!!
<3's catching up with friends
<//3 softball :(
PROJECT RUNWAY!!
needs to focussss
senoritis go away please! oh and take my flu with you.
I'M GOING TO BE A DOCTOR!
HAPPY THANKSGIVING!
no more shopping!!!
Home for Thanksgiving! <3
is locked out of her room, with no roomates or RAs in sight :(
in SD :D
DONE DONE DONE!!!! :D
stuck in SD airport for.....ever?
Best Birthday Ever! 3 Surprise dinner//get-together//party, and VEGAS on Halloween <3 Thanks to everyone that made my 21st special!
<3 rain when I'm not driving in it!
sleep? who needs it
off to christmas in vegas with family <3
Heading back to LA :)
Happy New Year and Decade Everyone!!!!
a day of snowboarding = most exercise I've had all of break
aghhh almost christmas :DD
THREE DAYS TO CHRISTMAS!!!!!! <3 <3
Happy Hour w// the drawmates :D
Vegas until Thursday :)
Michigan and Chicago last weekend, Vegas next week, Milwaukee after that :)
I love Chic-fil-a. (And no, they are not my clients).
going to Milwaukee for the weekend :)
I need a name for my sewing collection - ideas welcome :)
Thanks for the Birthday wishes!
Had a great weekend in West Michigan.  Headed back to ATL for a few days.  Then I'll be back for *PROPNAME*'s wedding!
Homemade peach pie is done, now off to the pool!
unpacking
Sweetwater tonight! :)
Going to Twisted Taco at Perimeter tonight!
Are you going to the Big 10 Pub Crawl tomorrow in Midtown?
I'm on my way to Chicago for two days :)
new hobby: pillow shams :)
sewing a dress
At the Grand Traverse Resort - the bay is beautiful!
I have an abundance of Apple Crisp, Peach Cobbler and Peach Pie at my house - PLEASE HELP!
Back in ATL :)
Hanging out with *PROPNAME* :) Girls weekend!
pasta schmasta
Know anyone who can teach me how to knit and crochet?
Working from home is da' bomb.
Thai Chicken Pasta with Barilla Whole Grain Spaghetti - delicious dinner!
*PROPNAME* gave me a Christmas table cloth and dish towel! Now we have a Christmas tree and festive linens! :)
Watching Twilight :)
Cinnamon ice cream from scratch - just another day living with a culinary student :) *PROPNAME* rocks!
making a quilt
Headed back to ATL after a great weekend in Tampa :)
Chocolate covered potato chips - what will they come up with next! (They are so good!)
Christmasing :)
Going home tomorrow for *PROPNAME*'s bridal shower and Father's Day!!!
I love vacation. Tomorrow we're going to the beach :)
*PROPNAME* "Noel", Christmas slippers, hot cocoa, soft blanket, and a book. Just missing the snow!
Sewing again!
Back in Atlanta! There's no snow here!
My co-workers just 'bumped' - Love iPhone entertainment!
Traverse City this weekend, Detroit next weekend.  Fall in Michigan!
On my way to Chicago. :)
Headed back to Atlanta. Gasparilla was a hoot.
finishing my quilt today
Dearest Souper *PROPNAME* of Buckhead, Your chocolate cupcakes were heavenly. Hope to see you again for lunch soon!
Chicago on Monday & Tuesday, Orlando on Thursday & Friday and Tampa on Saturday & Sunday
is thanking God for another day in the land of the living. For tomorrow is not promised. A harsh reminder that we have a limited time to mend broken relationships achieve our goals and be with the ones we love.
is BACK! AND BETTER THAN EVER!!!! A little wiser a lot stronger and much happier with a NEW ATTITUDE! :-)
is lovin it! All I have to do is sit back, enjoy the ride, let the good times roll and my destiny is HERE. Yep, pretty much! :-)
is so disappointed...why do I always have to be right about these things?
knows that God is carrying her. Without Him this would be too much. "Keep thy heart with all diligence, for out of it are the issues of life. (Proverbs 4:23) Lord, I know your love is enough for me. :-)
"If I should stay, I would only be in your way. So I'll go, but I know I'll think of you ev'ry step of the way...I hope life treats you kind. And I hope you have all you dreamed of. And I wish you joy and happiness but above this I wish you love....And I 
"Out of the abundance of the heart, the mouths speaks". Guard your words at all times. Your mouth can do so much damage to you and those around you. "The tongue is a world of iniquity, set afire of hell."
Word of the day: You don't have to settle for anything or anyone in your life. Determine what you don't like, pray hard, work hard, and fix it. Sometimes its just easier to walk away and start over.
is saying Lord take my hand, cover me and take me beyond what I understand.
is thinking that some people, once gone, need not EVER come back into your life...EVER.
is wondering why people think I'm going to put up with their foolishness. My silence IS NOT ignorance. YES, my price tag is HIGH, but the rewards FAR EXCEED THE COSTand those who matter will put in the work. The only treasure valued is the treasure worked for.
is finally doing what she should have done a long time ago. A burden has been lifted.
is SO HAPPY that my daddy ALWAYS hears and answers right on time!!! I LOVE MY JESUS and He's the only one that I need!
I got exactly what I asked for and it hurts. I forgot that nightmares are dreams, too.
is really craving some bbq! :-( I love my family but something's gonna have to change....
is starting all over again....
can see clearly now and no longer focuses on the closed doors. I'm only looking at all the open ones God has set before me. "Surely or ONLY goodness, mercy, and unfailing love shall follow me ALL THE DAYS of my life and the presence of the Lord and His house shall be my dwelling place forever."
"Who shall lay anything to the charge of God's elect? It is GOD that justifieth...For I am persuaded, that neither death, nor life, nor angels, nor principalities, nor powers, nor things present, nor things to come, nor height, nor depth, nor any other creature, shall be able to separate us from the love of God, which is in Christ Jesus our Lord." Have a blessed day!
is lmbo as this last Uno game I just played! But really, though? Time for bed, long day tomorrow.
is comforted and content. It only gets better from here!
had dinner with one of her favorite teachers and is FINALLy home....
People come and go and will always disappoint so I only invest in God. Lord, I belong to you until the end of time. I just wanna be close to you.
Two weddings, one baby shower and a great church service on Sunday! A weekend full of love and encouragement and I know the best is yet to come! "All things work together for the good to them that love God, for them who are the called according to his purpose."
"And still, I rise."
is excited about her first day at her NEW JOB as a college graduate! This is gonna be a FABULOUS DAY! This is the day that the LORD hath made, let us REJOICE and be glad in it!
finally graudated, despite the weather. Thank you, Jesus. And thank you all for your love and support and thanks to my love who came out to celebrate with me last night!
enjoyed spending time with one of her favorite people, *PROPNAME*. :-)
has to start all over again...
is done with facebook. Why am I tagged in a status against my will?
now needs another costume idea for the 80's party!
is not ready for Monday.
just found a new way to annoy coworkers: drink a big gulp of water and chew as you slowly swallow it
is looking to hire an end user support technician.
feels niceness is wasted on some people
wants some Alertos to cure this hangover
talking to the two little guys standing on my shoulders about the iPhone
The best winter holiday season of my life has concluded
hates wearing contacts to work.
just came back from another awesome weekend in Mammoth.
Go to urbandictionary.com and type in your first name. Then copy and paste this as your status. Put the first entry for your name under comments.
is one of the unlucky ones that has to work today.
24 hours til lift off
is excited for July 3rd.
is rather enjoying her little vacation in Oshkosh.
Is getting married in a little over a month
isn't sure what to think about things.
is waiting for August 28th at 4:15. Horray for the beginning of the rest of my life!
has cold feet.
is terribly confused. It feels like my mind is warring with itself...
is thinking hard and excited for her new Xanga layout!
thinks pipe tobacco is way better than cigarettes.
doesn't know how to cope with all of this stress... I think I've cried about 10 times in the last 3 days...
continues to befuddle herself.
was NOT able to push her wedding date back to the fourth of September. The presiding judge was full-up. The date remains August 28th at 4:15.
is sick.....still. And possibly jobless in 2 weeks. That is, if no more positions open up for me at Wal-mart.
hopes that wal-mart hires her, now realizing her blouse was open during part of the interview.
maybe a kitty would be a good christmas gift for *PROPNAME*....
still getting over that cold from last week.... but hey at least everyone's laid off the "quit smoking!" bit....
is at home on her first scheduled day off. And I'm bored out of my mind.
is still rather fluish.
is thinking that the poor girls doing that "single ladies" are getting dissed too much. I've seen younger girls doing lewder dances with less clothes. Seriously.
would work a spell if not for the moon being void of course...
is sick and tired of people who comment on every SINGLE status update, no matter how INSIGNIFICANT. We've been here before, you know who you are.
is having a little boy!
bought her 2010 Farmer's Almanac today.... horray for not having to write down every single sunrise, sunset, moonrise, moonset, and void of course pattern for next year! wOOt!
stayed home from work to take care of her hubby. By the way, the yorkie babies are so ADORABLE!
thinks that she needs some numbers from friends.
needs someone to drink for her on Dec. 12th since I'm pregnant and can't... lol
6 more days.... I'm counting down! And bah on all you snow-haters. All I know is I don't have to shovel this year, thanks to my loving hubby. Thank you hubby :)
is still sick. Oh well.
hm, low-signal internet? works for me.
I don't want to miss this weekend, but i might have to.... shitty weather and my hubby can't work today.... I think I might cry cause I really, REALLY wanted to go..... why did I ask for snow? I only wanted a little!
Finally! Snow in Reedsburg. I'm so happy there's gonna be snow on my birthday!
just woke up to half an inch of snow and is so happy, she's going outside in her pajamas to sweep it off her porch! That's no sarcasm folks..... I'm really excited. :) 5 days!
is a little upset about the amount of snow, and hopes she gets enough birthday money to visit her parents this weekend.
Well, Reedsburg certainly has an interesting way of plowing the streets..... 2 more days.
feels 8 months pregnant.... but really I'm only 5 1//2.....
wonders if its just coincidence that mine and my best friend's birthdays are EXACTLY twoo weeks apart.
Classes start 1//26 at 1:30 pm. I'm so excited!
is eating stroganoff, waiting for her hubby to come home and then maybe some sleep.
6 more days.... I'm counting down!
The siren in Reedsburg keeps going off. It's not the normal noonblast siren, it sounds like an air-raid siren and continued for 10 minutes. Can anyone tell me how to find out what the damn things mean?
SLEEP>WAKE UP>EAT>MORE WALLS AND FLOORS!
wishes vampire wars didn't take so long to put monies and energy back to your character.
TAPS then bed....
Sends out yuletide greetings to all her friends! I love you all and have a very merry holiday!
More walls! More floors! I need to make the sims 2 even more amazing!!!!
Hopes no one else bought a baby book for *PROPNAME*... I'm up to three now!
Going to grandma b's for dinner, then to sheboygan falls tomorrow... .what a busy weekend
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes and the cards. You guys made last week special. :)
Greatly dislikes the USPS. They damaged my christmas card :(
4 days folks, then up to mercer with my son and my loving hubby. I love you, hubby :)
Had a wonderiferous birthday. :)
is drowsy still... at least I managed to get 8 hours of sleep last night... a rarity these days.
found out The Used put out a new album this past year. How did I miss that one?
is a little upset about not being able to get a good connection all day. I'll try again tonight....
Cody's car is GHEY.
work on the forum is done for today..... now time to get lunch for me, connor and the baby and watch Wall-E again.....
going to be another long and boring week. So glad i don't have to go anywhere for a few months after this weekend.
Wishes she could post her awesome playlist to gaia but can't figure out the coding for it.
actually got some good sleep for once :)
knows what connor got from her.... he is such a little drama king, screaming bloody murder at time-outs!
sleepy...... >.> Working on the forum.
ugh... i hate this. Why is sleep such an issue when you're pregnant?
hates facebook, the internet, and her monitor.
is unloved <//3
hopes they schedule her C-Section at her doctor's appointment on Wednesday.
Tommorrow, I turn 21. I'm super excited. And I can't wait for 4 pm to roll around..... Mercer, here I come!
It never fails... I go to lay my son down for a nap and someone inevitably begins pounding on something, making it impossible for him to sleep.
They got me.... those darn Zynga games..... so addicting.....
3//3//10 *PROPNAME* is coming!
i need a massage. Now. Any takers?
I should have gone to bed earlier than 1:30 am..... guess I forgot that *PROPNAME* was going to be up at 7....
hubby is sick, connor is crabby..... I'm just tired.
finally found out who got her hubby and kid sick... and is pissed that she didn't find out until her son started puking.
has discovered that is an AWFUL idea to sleep on her back.
Getting my son to take a nap is like pulling teeth.
well, my kid and *PROPNAME* are better now..... just waiting for it to hit me...
I WANNA PLAY GF!
I think my part of the RP forum is done... we will need some moderators so anyone interested please send a meassage to me on here and I will get you set up with an account and send a linky.... thanks!
Pali Tank FTW!
absolutely HAS to remember to call MATC and drop her class.
I'll be back tomorrow, I'll be back at a quarter to eleven. I'm half drunk and I can't see straight, I hear a zero with a capital "Z". You got me singing songs from the balcony as the city crumbles under the powers of an evil doctor rocket science monster with capabilities to destroy the entire universe.
PANTS ON THE GROUND! PANTS ON THE GROUND! LOOKING LIKE A FOOL WITH YOUR PANTS ON THE GROUND!
sleepy.......
TAX REFUND!
City of Angels hads reconfirmed my belief that *PROPNAME* is AWESOME.
is tired.
spent another sleepless night tossing and turning, only to get up at 9 am and deal with a kid who, I swear, has the loudest, most ear-piercing scream I have ever heard (and uses it). To top it all off, I got a call from the clinic saying that I'm anemic, and they want to put me on yet ANOTHER iron supplement that I can't afford. FTW.
going to the in-laws for dinner then home for the evening.
can finally be on the net at the same time as her husband.... hooray!
is feeling it. >.>
doesn't want every status commented on. once in a while is fine but EVERY status? It's starting to get annoying. You know who you are.
has a naughty son.
tried to shovel. It was a bad idea.
it's been a good week.
is feeling better after sleeping on clean sheets.
Tell me that you're all right, and everything is all right.
Only one level left on Grand Fantasia, then I am a Palidin!
had a great holiday. Hopes the new year will bring better luck....
new profile image..... and the funny thing is, now that i think about... *PROPNAME* IS a lot like *PROPNAME*.....
To celebrate Valentine's Day, change your  profile picture to you and your spouse//significant other, and make sure  to tell how long you've been together!
thinks both her and her husband have sleep apnea.
My net sucks big, hairy, red man-balls. ARGH!
I am the eggman, they are the eggman, I am the walrus! Coo Coo Cachu!
smells justice has been served. What goes around comes around, and it definately came around for you, *PROPNAME*!
"Those who criticize our generation forget who raised it."
"In awe I watched the waxing moon ride across the zenith of the heavens like an ambered chariot towards the ebony void of infinite space wherein the tethered belts of Jupiter and Mars hang forever festooned in their orbital majesty. And as I looked at all
"I refuse to answer that question on the grounds that I don't know the answer." ~ *PROPNAME* XD
"Parents spend the first part of our lives teaching us to walk and talk, and the rest of it telling us to sit down and shut up." XD
"Ah, *PROPNAME*. The eyes are open, the mouth moves, but *PROPNAME* has long since departed." ~ *PROPNAME* XD XD
"Death and famine stalk the land like two great stalking things." ~ *PROPNAME*
"Arguments are to be avoided; they are always vulgar and often convincing." ~ Oscar Wilde xD
podkanva vseki, koito ima da i prashta snimki ot razlichni meropriyatiya, da go stori v skype vuzmojno nai-skoro... ^^ :P
Damn, U.S. beat Spain? We should be proud
had a FOG sighting on the street
District 9: not perfect but definitely lives up to the hype
needs a job
*PROPNAME* may have been out of line, but Single Ladies is much better than *PROPNAME*'s crappy song and mediocure video  and at least for once he wasn't complaining about himself not losing
Does anyone have Skype? just got it
Celebrated the New Year in true Oakland style, hearing automatic gunfire seconds after midnight
"This is what it's all about, isn't it, listening audience?  A brief seizing brilliance in the immediate air.  A death-rendered flash of perfect equilibrium."-Don Delillo, Ratner's Star
Does anyone know how to install Office 2007 in LINUX using WINE ?
Forgot to take my cell phone to office.. to reach me (for today) send me mssg on Google talk or Facebook
Had the most random interaction with a stone drunk stranger!
Had an amazingly lazy and uneventful day... Saturday sucks!!!!!!!!!
Is history written or is it made??
Finally Internet at HOME :D
ONLINE finally!!!
Random girl (In a bus) : Are you half chinese?                                                               Me : HUH !!??????!!????
Migrated to Ubuntu Linux completely.
Funniest thing happen to Roman Polanski :D LOL
Listening to Hare Krishna ..just in case :D
Can anyone forward me an invit to Google wave???
First time: Had three shots of of Jack Daniels on the rock and than to the LAB
HERE IS A QUICK POLL FOR ALL OF YOU: HOW MANY OF YOU , AT THIS POINT IN YOUR CAREER, HAVE HELD MORE THAN 5 JOBS ?
Are thoughts and substance interchangable? Can we redirect our thoughts to substantiate anything that would be comparable to our physical surroundings and experiences ?
Football.. fun fun and fun
Events of the evening : Random lady at the bus stop : Do you know what "No. 11" beer is? Me: Is that a bus No. or a course No. Random lady : My lab mate said it is a good drink and I can et it here at WSU Me (Thinking) : Seriously ... of all the ppl u could have asked...why me??
Any comments on the simmilarity between SITA in Ranamayan and HELEN of troy?  Ceartive inputs are more than welcome!
Finally have a linux box that runs Office 2007 :)
Pigly-wigly diet soda !
Just got to know that my co-worker was going to call cops on me ,cause that person did not know that  I was new to the work place. Fun  huh?
EPIPHANY : Two shots of JAMESON'S can do WONDER'S to your experiments beyond your wildest imagination :D
Simplicity in our lives comes out of deep thinking
What happened to the good ol' days when we could fly and and get inebriated by just thinkin' about it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
20-26 NICE!!!
To those with interest in international politics and policy I recommend : "THE POST-AMERICAN WORLD" By *PROPNAME* 3.84
Our personalities reflect the the environments we have lived in the past, which would also largely determine the ones we might live in.
Anyone looking for google wave invits ?.. lemme know.
LIVE FROM MY NEW KICK ASS 64-BIT PC
Its CONSIDERABLY COLDER here at PULLMAN , WA, than East Lansing!!
Watched AVATAR and it was  :  1. A sort anti-pollution, green peace statement 2. A light heart warming love story 3. AND WHAT NOT TO DO DO WHEN WE ACTUAL INVADE OTHER PLANETS :D
An existence of polemic bad ideas can cause considerable damage to society.
Finally found " *PROPNAME* and His Flying Robot " ... anybody remembers this series
Watched 9 and. it was fantastic!
Merry Christmas to you ALL!
East Lansing : -21 C (feels like) Pullman : -14 C (Feels like) Damn you East Lansing.. I shall have my revenge!
Finally got my paper degree . Officially , I have graduated!
Saw 3 idiots.. It was refreshing. Even though it appered to me as more of a commentary on  our education system.  However, it painted a fairly black'n white picture.  But then .. its just entertainment :)
East Lansing : -16 C (feels like) Pullman : -10 C (Feels like)
"My god its full of stars"...ANYONE?
Watching a Godzilla movie... I almost forgot how much i missed them!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Heard *PROPNAME* after a long time.  Took me back to my ol' school and undergrad  days
Watching K-pax and njoying every momemnt of it
About to brew my first gallon of beer!
(purposefully contradicting *PROPNAME*) AGHH!! The heat! *opens arms in welcoming fashion*. I mean, you all complain when it's cold and rainy, as per usual, and you complain when it's warm. CONSISTENCY, PEOPLE!
It’s true what they say; ignorance IS bliss. I envy kids that way, for not having the mental maturity to understand all the problems surrounding them. It’s nice to see that happiness and naivety every once in a while.
is introspective...
CRISIS Next weekend my brother is having a ‘giant’ sleepover with four of his devil spawn minions. 1) Isn’t he a little *old* for that kinda thing? 2) Last time ONE of them came over, I had to listen to Three Days Grace on full blast on my iPod so I could concentrate enough to READ. Yes, you heard me! If anybody who a) isn’t a pervert, and b) doesn’t hate me could offer a place to stay, I would be grateful...
is craving a vanilla latte and some new good music 'cause she's bored of just going through her shuffle... something Decemberist-esque? (Ha, that's a mouthful.)
Has anyone seen our homework timetables? Fucking A.
I had pancakes for lunch. I'm gonna die young and fat :'(
FUCKING HELL! THE THUNDER IS RIGHT ABOVE THE HOUSE!
"Ooooooh, I think I smell a rattttt"
The lighting's really weird out; the sky is dark, but everything else is almost luminescent.
made lemon cupcakes with pink icing. Ahhh, E. numbers.
"Halfway around the world Lies the one thing that you want Buried in the ground, hundreds of miles down First thing that arises in your mind while you awake Bending you til you break"
"I'm a road runner honey and you can't keep up with me" ~Aerosmith :)
Got a brilliant new playlist :D I heart it.
REDRUM.
wants to bury her head in a hole.
And it's an ALL-NIGHTER.
OMG! BROKEBACK MOUNTAIN!!! SQUEE!!!
burnt finger again...
How do you find out your fucking color group?
has burnt her finger. It really hurts, as well.
I must be pregnant, or something. It's not natural to have hummus cravings...
Downloading a new playlist. 1 hour, 40 minutes to go - woopee!
is, decidedly, an eloquent drunk.
Ugh I'm hungry. Siren Song - Bat For Lashes. Take Me To The Riot - Stars. Consolers Of The Lonely - The Raconteurs. Running Up That Hill - Placebo.
Ugh.
There are so many fucked up people because there are so many fucked up marriages or lack thereof.
To anyone who gives a shit, look at the photo I found of Wogie!!!
Tired with a pancake craving...
Buzzz...
Shitty day + Monday Migraine + Late home = URRRRRRRRG!
Half of my English coursework done. Woot!
*Swallows down last mouthful of seventh cup of tea today*
Sick - bleh :(
What modules//points do we have to revise for Chemistry?
SIX-HUNDRED DAYS!
My brother is watching the Jerk Theory for the third time since Friday.
IPOD FIXED!!!! YAY!!!
My hair smells like cookies...worrying... :S
Had great day in the snow with *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*. More to follow tomorrow :D
The Vanishing Act of *PROPNAME* <3
My inability to wash up properly means that nobody trusts me to do it :)
It's freaky. My brother's only two inches off me. Eh, he still has freakishly large feet. I can live happy with that abnormality even if it's not accompanied by a 5'4" frame.
Spent all day watching Glee. I hate it and love it at the same time. SO CHEESY!
Was ANYONE else off school today? I was sure nobody would be able to get in. Eh.
"NOT THAT KIND OF ESCORT!!!" Hehehe.
I'd swear the 'rents were just yelling "gavinda" right now...
Caffine. Check.
EVERYTHING FUCKING ACHES! (Don't you dare like this, *PROPNAME*.)
Well ain't that the cat's pajamas!!
Is it more funny or more funnier? I dunno use it in a sentence. It was just more funnier...
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do. ~*PROPNAME* ~
Lovin' the grace God has clearly been pouring out... :-D
Hmm, next weekend?
wishes she was as cool as *PROPNAME*, but... that'll never happen!  =]
im a monkey. i stink and pee freely often. yaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyy
I get $$$$
is done with work on Friday!! :-D
Just one final stands between me and NO CLASS WOOO!!
I am doing quite awesome, and I am very happy and excited about life but some people need to stop hijacking my fb...
is going to be a O&P practitioner...maybe :-)
Back in EL :-)
this one time i tried to punch lara and i accidentally scratched my face. basically i failed miserably.
Back in the E.L. :-)
Trying to figure out what to do with my life...hmmm suggestions?
Last day of work!! Any suggestions for wild and crazy celebrations??
Would you eat panda?
Making chocolate rasberry brownies...yum :)
Attempting to finish unpacking...arg
picking her nose. ooo gold rush up there!
is about to go to sleep at 9:30pm...old age is setting in
Thank you all for the birthday wishes :-)
What a beautiful day of football :-)
I love the fray!! .:squeeky voice:.
Classes are getting in the way of my college life...
AHHHHHHHHHH!!! Static fluid mechanics= death...
9:00pm V102...CABIN FEVER 2!!!!! Anyone is welcome to come...if you think you can handle it!!!!!!!!
9:02pm V102...CABIN FEVER 2!!!!! Anyone is welcome to come...if you think you can handle it!!!!!!!!
heheheh i'm rachel yayyyyyy!
*PROPNAME* is an L7 WEANIE
is an L7 weanie
It's been a good birthday :-)
is chowin on wheat rice!!!!!! dang, this stuff is soooo good :-)
moist moist moist moist moist moist moist moist moist... This goes out to all those people who are unapreciative of the word moist.  You make my eyes moist with all this hating...
Really likes *PROPNAME*'s status and feels the same way :)
Excited for Compelling 09!!! :]
Check it out... :-)                 http:////www.facebook.com//event.php?eid=275183520261&ref=mf
I'm *PROPNAME*, and I have a biiiiig green watch. It's so cool. Kinda like AmyO. I think she is the coolest person ever. I wish I were as awesome as AmyO.
Take my quiz. See how cool I am.
wants everyone to sign up for the Ski Trip (you dont actually have to ski on this trip. you could just come hang out.)!!!!! Right now. If youre sitting there saying, "Ski Trip? where? when? how do i sign up?" comment on this post and i will hook you up. i better see like 50 comments on this post when i check back tonight.
Excited to the maxx!!
**.:Welcome back Winter once again And put on your warm fuzzy sweater Cuz you'll feel much better when The snowflakes fall Gently to the ground:.**
Fixed her computer speakers!!! Feel free to send her sweet youtube videos :-)
Anyone needing a study break come check out the Baker's new music video!!!!
Most relaxing song ever... :) http:////www.youtube.com//watch?v=4f7tx25O9XM
rub-a-dub-dub
Please take a long hard look through your textbook, cause I'm history... Off on Urbana adventures!!! Back on the 7th- DUCES!!
Packing for Ur-ban-UH and the sunshine state =D
Energizer Bunny arrested, charged with battery, lol!! Love the cheesy jokes... :-)
bahahahaaaa!
Ohh finals week...Friday, please come quickly ://
Merry Christmas to all and to all a good night!! :D
I just got kamikazied by a kiss...wrapper
Anybody up for playing volleyball today??
Jk about volleyball...who wants to go iceskating tonight from 10-11:30 at munn??
"I have decided to stick with love. Hate is too great a burden to bear." Martin Luther King, Jr.
I LOVE JENN ARNOLD!!!!
Magenta :)
Missing summer and WWR... *tear
&hearts; *PROPNAME*
Contemplating the details of urban planning...
is sick of joint facebook pages. Be an individual for christ's sake!
T minus 7 days
is going to visit Warwick Castle in the morning and spend the afternoon in Stratford-upon-Avon... you know you're jealous :)  I am thoroughly enjoying my time in England (despite the tragidy of having my purse stolen on Saturday) and will miss it terribly
would really like to go back to Europe, please...
wants to go back to England :( Amsterdam just isn't my cup of tea...
ditto to charlie's status
really cannot believe *PROPNAME* and all the "birthers"... you have got to be kidding me...
ok, yes it's great that the Lakers won the championship, but there's no need to start fires and shake cars. East LA needs to calm the F down
got her iPod Touch back today (YAY!!!), complete with headphones and the addition of a few new apps, including the Koran, iPray, World War, and Brain Tutor. I'll let you do with that what you will... ;)
is feeling a lot better... slowing things down and taking a deep breath really does a world of good
Manpuku on Sawtelle is my absolute favorite restaurant.
going to the Edison tonight with my sister :)
sometimes, most of the time, life is too fast and too confusing for my liking...
is looking forward tonight's Top Chef Masters
and *PROPNAME* are gonna meet *PROPNAME* on Tuesday :D
absolutely loves the London police department. I'm getting my ipod touch back!!!
Thank you all for my wonderful birthday wishes!!!
Europe pictures are finally up! Come check 'em out... you'll have to find them on my actual profile not in my "photo albums"
nobody should have to work on their birthday, unless they want to...and I don't want to so I shouldn't have to :(
doesn't have to apartment hunt anymore :)
finding a place to live is ridiculously stressful
is looking forward to tonight!
looks like I finally caught whatever cold is going around. Packing and moving is even more difficult when you're sick :(
can walk to *PROPNAME*'s (and a myriad of other awesome places) from her new apartment :)
REALLY doesn't feel good and REALLY wishes her boss (who even acknowledged that I'm sick) would send her home.
excited about seeing The Used this friday! I bet nobody knew how hard I like to rock  :)
is temporarily upset with Obama for being in a commercial with *PROPNAME*.
had a really really good day
watch "The Age of Wal-Mart" on CNBC
No one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick. If you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day.
chips and salsa must be made with crack or heroin. What else can explain my addiction to it?
I know this is old news, but I don't think *PROPNAME* could be more annoying or less funny.
bored as hell...
loves myth busters. Now I can double dip all I want!
needs a drink...
I am wrecked, I am overblown...
how come every time I make a cake with whole wheat flour it ends up tasting like corn bread?  I like corn bread a lot, but I'm trying to make a cake that tastes like CAKE :(
is still in shock...
has done way too much driving and sat in way to much traffic this weekend
survived *PROPNAME*'s Scary Farm last night...for two... whole... hours...
goin on a cruise to Mexico!
mmmm lemon cake with vanilla frosting :)
doesn't feel so good :(
craves enlightenment...
has a job interview tomorrow, wish me luck!
is eating a huge bowl of piping hot homemade chicken soup... mmmm...
I have the worst sore throat and earache (now going on three weeks); and because health insurance is a luxury I no longer have, I am now in the process of trying every home remedy known to man.
the unemployed life is a strange one, I'll tell you that...
loves 3rd Rock from the Sun reruns
, after this weekend, kind of sort of maybe feels like she MIGHT want to move back to the IE...
wow... what a weekend
COME on Angels!
needs, wants, yearns.
hates it when she buys stuff at one grocery store, then goes to another store for something the original store didn't have, and finds that all the stuff she did buy at the first store costs less at the second store. Ugh.
is going to get off her ass and actually be productive today!
Comedy club tonight! Woot :)
Change your language to English (Pirate). Click on the English link on the bottom of your Home page. It's pretty awesome.
walked by a full IV bag (complete with hose) in the gutter outside my apartment...
is never drinking again
wishes her apartment had a heater :(
had an interview today. Crossing my fingers that I get a call (a good call) tomorrow!
and her friend really need a DD for tonight. Any takers???  :)
goin to the dmv... woohoo!
had a wonderful and wavy weekend on the big blue
where can I find current episodes of Top Chef online? (if they can be found online) I'm so behind :(
really wants to study at a library or coffee shop today, but nobody will want to sit or drink coffee next to a girl who's coughing up her lungs...
Happy Thanksgiving all!
loves the picturesque view from her bedroom window
what a gorgeous day it is
off to Paris in the morning!
needs something to do tonight...
really wishes she lived in England or France right about now
really wants to see Avatar...tomorrow...night... hint hint ;)
just got home from Riverside to find less than a block from my apartment: SIX cop cars, a HUGE congregation of police officers (some with guns drawn!), and a helicopter circling the area. I have no idea what's going on!
wants her stupid sore throat to go away already!
excited about volunteering tomorrow! and hopeful about my job interview
this cold ain't gonna keep me from line dancin my boots off tonight! YeeHaa!
"If we were never ill, we would not know what it was to be well. If we never knew hunger, we would take no pleasure in being full. If there were never any war, we would not appreciate peace. And if there were no winter, we could never see the spring."
is sick and wishes her mom was here to make her some tea and chicken soup...
, for the first time since she first arrived on facebook years ago, started to fill out the "personal information" section on her profile.
the times, they are a-changin...
money should never be the goal, only the byproduct.
is beyond pissed at *PROPNAME* right now...
is eating top ramen for the first time in a LONG time...
really wants to chop all her hair off... well, not all of it, just a lot of it...
is super excited to see *PROPNAME* today!!!
*PROPNAME* was AAAWWWEEESSSOOOMMMEEE!!!!!!! I would go see his show live over watching it on TV any day!
is boycotting NBC
the night wasn't a waste afterall :)
going Salsa dancing tonight... hope I don't embarrass myself  :)
doesn't like thunder :(
sometimes wonders (as much as I LOVE *PROPNAME*) if the whole NBC vs. *PROPNAME* fiasco is actually a ploy to boost ratings and get better guests for the tonight show... because, if so, it's working...
just got home after not having been since 4:30 to find a candle still lit on my dresser... oops...
“The God I believe in is with those who suffer, doesn’t punish those or create evil for those who are already suffering”
started the day off right: with a big fat ticket from the #%$&*!@ Los Angeles police department...
finally watched the final episode of The Tonight Show with *PROPNAME*. It was amazing, and *PROPNAME*'s speech brought me to tears. I also loved hearing that he and I have something in common; cynicism is my least favorite quality, too… I’ll miss you *PROPNAME*!
It's a concept that represents a profound shift from how we think about money and satisfaction and the obligation of a government to its people.
finished her taxes  :D
needs to go to sleep now! going rock climbing in the morning (eek!)
desperately needs a job...
take a nap or go to the gym... what to do what to do...
two fire trucks just pulled up to the apartment building across the street. I'm assuming//hoping it's not an extremely urgent matter because the firemen weren't exactly running into the building, more like moseying...
had a wonderful night! hung out with some really great people and listened to some really great music!
"If it's true, if I am indeed addicted to sadness, I absolve myself of blame. Responsibility rests firmly with my brain. It is a flawed design. Worse than the 1975 Ford Pinto and just as dangerous."
wishes she was a football fan...
from urbandictionary: "She has the most beautiful eyes and hair.  She smells that of a fall evening, and her voice will typically seranade you." and "A really sexy, funny, smart girl that every guy wants. 'Damn, you lucky bastard, your gf is a total *PROPNAME*!'"  :D
might need to start figuring out what organs she can sell on the black market...
anyone know if and where the state of the union address might be viewable online? I've googled it but can't find anything, and I don't have tv so I didn't get to watch it live :(
new goal for 2010: write something for publication and actually have it published.
Yay blue skies!
just interviewed at an organization whose office is in the same building and on the same floor as the Production, Art, and Writing offices for Mad Men. Pretty cool :)
"...the event marked a major shift, what I might call a 'paradigm shift' if I were the kind of person who used terms like 'paradigm shift'..."
is glad hulu has the entire Strangers with Candy series... funny stuff
going to an underground art show tonight complete with art (of course), live music, drinks, body painting, and free pancakes :D  It's going to be quite an eclectic experience!
will break that trap = =+ and climb out alive.
GRE! GRE!! GRE!!!
A.D. - Always Derek
XD happy birthday to me ~
will soon fall into ETS's GRE trap ~
24 years old ~ ?????
(self-with-other knowledge) -- "... the self is in fact entagled at both the interpersonal level with specific others in one's life and at the collective level in relation to the social groups with which one identifies. At a cognitive level, this implies that linkages exist in memory between significant-other representations and the self, as well as between knowledge designating social categories and the self."
[ ?? ] ??MBA???????!?! ????! ???? [notice] anyone knows what questions are on a MBA interview? please let me know!
two interviews to go
so... doubling the rate of failure ~ hahahah
In the rainning storm of the morning, by the path of a farming country, the silver hair woman said to me as I greets her, "When tough time comes, the tough kept going."
Best. Wedding. Ever. I LOVE YOU TO DEATH EM AND COL!
Who's gonna see the Harry Potter movie with me? The person who comes is still allowed to judge me.
is sick =(
34,865 Kleenex and some codeine later, Kea rejoins the world of the living...
took the first step toward developing a green thumb today. Windowbox basil, anyone?
Good god, vacation can't get here soon enough. Here I come sun, sand, fresh seafood, and pleasure reading!
Well, it finally happened: I bought a coffee so big it didn't fit in my microwave for re-heating. (Sub-status update: Go to bing.com for some major Boston pride ;-)
Enjoying the lovely golden weekend!
couldn't hate these new Gap commercials more. They are seriously the devil's handiwork.
s dream of a roof garden will not be dashed, gosh darn it!
is pretty inspired by how active (and cool) some of her geriatrics patients are...
So like, what's the deal with *PROPNAME*? I think I'm missing a basic understanding of this cultural phenomenon.
Did anyone else think it was obvious *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* were getting a divorce like 34 seasons ago?
Life is so good! Medicine rocks and I am so proud of my man for his stellar performance review today. Here comes the first Latino Microsoft CEO, watch and wait.
The roof garden is born! Will post pics after a dinner made with our very own herbs =)
hates saying bye to *PROPNAME*=(
Apparently, all it takes for me to go on a semi-psychotic, cockroach-killing rampage is two glasses of wine and a strategically placed Dansko.
Ok, the new *PROPNAME* & *PROPNAME* is kind of amazing. NOW who is coming with me on 10//22?
Very slowly meandering my way toward garden bliss. Does anyone in Philly have a patio umbrella they're trying to rid themselves of, by chance?
Days becoming so much shorter...
Hooked on Weeds without any way of getting my next dose soon. Damn you, Netflix instant queue and your empty promises.
If this societal obsession with vampires had happened while I was going through my "phase" in middle school, it really could have changed my life.
Good luck on shelves tomorrow, friends!
Out into the cool fall air for lots of mocha and a little studying.
never appreciated how good a dancer *PROPNAME* was until the recent marathons of Dirty Dancing. Kudos where kudos are due.
Anyone interested in joining me for *PROPNAME* y *PROPNAME* on Oct. 22 at the Electric Factory? Ticket are $35 =( but I'd go with good company!
s mind was just completely blown by the awesomeness of Zahav (Israeli restaurant here). Easily in the top three restaurants I've eaten at, worldwide. Go there. Now.
Enjoying the nostalgia of fall...
Hi, fall.
How about getting to bed early? Anyone want to jump on the bandwagon?
Forty-five minutes on a Rittenhouse bench, with a bag full of veggies and La Colombe mocha, really turns the day around =)
just had chicken McNuggets for dinner. This is a new low. And it's called "short call at CHOP."
Just burned out.
Q3 overnight call at CHOP tomorrow. Poopie.
forgot how much she missed House until she saw the premiere. Love it.
thinks it feels pretty fly to see her tiny shoots of arugula (and spinach, kale, and two types of lettuces) battling the odds!
Hm. Apparently running for the first time in months makes me simultaneously feel like horse $#!@ and want to devour a steak. Wasn't prepared for that.
How did fall completely slip through the crack between summer and winter?
Maybe I should have Bing'd whether staph aureus toxin is inactivated via boiling BEFORE boiling and eating the soup I left out for 24 hours.
*PROPNAME* at RitFit is my new favorite person. It's kinda nice to be cajoled into thinking you're "way stronger than you think" at doing bicep curls. And that's what I'm paying him for.
Just scared myself senseless by watching most of Dracula. I am such a bigger pansy than I used to be, back in my vampire-obsessed, middle-school days...
Sick day today =(
Weekends go by so quickly... =(
No wonder *PROPNAME* *PROPNAME* *PROPNAME* dumped *PROPNAME*. His song about her is HORRENDOUS, even for a 90s ballad. Now I understand that *PROPNAME* is a (marginal) step up for her. *Shudder*
had about 7L of insensible losses via mouth-breathing last night and woke up with a tongue the consistency of beef jerky. This viral URI can stick it up its tiny viral you-know-whoosy.
Holy crap. I am in love with you *PROPNAME* y *PROPNAME*. IN LOVE WITH YOU.
Turned the heat on, finally.
can't taste her food and is officially pissed at her URI.
Somtimes you just gotta laugh.
finally drove out the dust ponies. They were becoming too domesticated and needed to be set free in their natural habitat.
needs free and lazy costume ideas. The polls are open!
has 10 times more respect for *PROPNAME* after her crazy bra lady moves. Herioc indeed.
watched in shock today as a nurse on the bus poked and yelled at an old, disabled man for sitting too close to her in the section designated for old and disabled people. Wishing I'd said something.
Buy a Christmas//Hannukah//Kwanzaa//Solstice tree? Check. Get Step 1 books? Check. Start dinner before 10pm? Check. It's really amazing what we can accomplish when we're let out of surgery early!
Sunday blues.
I recounted my nap-dream to Raf just now. He recounted that he wanted to shoot himself in the face. Apparently the narrative was much more exciting and dramatic in my head...
Note to self: Trying to rekindle an old flame for string cheese is not well accomplished using low-salt, skim mozarella sticks.
Not only is Dracula good, but Batman Forever is still amazing. I had SUCH good taste in movies as a high schooler, holy crap! And now I like The Holiday?!
Christmas tree decorating. *PROPNAME* of the Bells. Potentially cocoa and//or holiday cookie baking. I am officially the worst Jew ever.
Is anyone else kinda suffering through this elective ranking process? I spent months obsessing over the exciting possibilities, and now all I want to do is avoid it...
Halfway done with med school and off to the Outer Banks for two weeks. Limited access to phone and e-mail, but will check when I can! CONGRATS classmates!
*PROPNAME* has officially caused my imminent failing of OB//GYN. I have spent a cumulative day reading "The Hunger Games" and its sequel, "Catching Fire" in the last week. And now I can't study because I'm pining for the final book in the series, which won't come out til August. Damn you, *PROPNAME*, and your cruel attempt to get me reading again!
Brokeback is officially the most depressing movie of all time.
Thank you, Case Files. If it weren't for you, I wouldn't know what to expect when undergoing "The Menopause."
Home sweet turkey!
Sunday. *PROPNAME* gone. And the person standing in line behind me at the minimart, who saw me paying with a bill that had a giant inappropriate anatomical figure on it, was a pastor. Of course.
Me: "Omg I am tired after two robotic-assisted laparoscopic hysterectomies with bilateral salpingoopherectomies. *PROPNAME*: "Awesome I did a fatakanicous dilopidous internal rectomy today too." I pity the fool who is forced to date a med student.
T-6 days til St. John and leaving *PROPNAME* til March. I just realized how weird this feels.
Mmm. Nothing like tea and Galetti to transport me back to early morning breakfasts in Florence.
"Cuz when the roof caved in and the truth came out I just didn't know what to doooo, But when I become a star we'll be living so large I'll do anything for youuuu...". On repeat. I don't care if this makes me a loser.
got a white Christmas of her own: hilltop house engulfed in a cloud all day! Thx for pulling through, St. John ;-)
Santa must LOVE me; St. John bound in T-11 days!
If there had been a real fire tonight, everyone in my building (including me) would be burned to a crisp right now because apparently a fire alarm isn't enough to lure us from our dens.
wishes the weekend would never end =)
Waiting for a batch of homemade peppermint bark to set in the fridge to help ring in the New Year! Suck it, Williams Sonoma, with your exorbitant prices!
wouldn't mind if a Philly, NYC, or Boston friend posted pics of the snowy city to FB! C'mon, give a girl a white Christmas =)
Kea: For the love of God, I am begging you to return those heinous Brooks Brothers shirts. *PROPNAME*: Well your face is heinous. And I don't ask you to return THAT. (Just another morning's playful banter between someone studying for Step 1 and someone fighting off an awful cold...)
Finally caved and saw Avatar. As I suspected, real life now looks bland and 2-D. =//
just canceled out the vote of an obnoxious, be-cashmere-scarved prettyman chanting "*PROPNAME*, hare krishna, *PROPNAME*" in the middle of Starbucks. Health care for all!
Here's hoping the House and Senate can reach some sort of agreement...
Almost just passed out in the library trying to test my Valsalva//baroreceptor//HR reflex. And no, my reflex is NOT intact, thankyouforasking. Frick!
is officially more than halfway done studying for Step 1. Yikos.
just completed her night cheese ;-)
would rather be potting. Even after 10 hours in the studio this weekend...
s library nemesis has answered her pine nut brittle with chips, a paper lunch bag, and a thinly-veiled apology for his "snack attack." Touché, library nemesis, touché.
just found a blue rubber band in her pork wonton.
Really, USMLE World? You really want me to know which growth factor receptors have intrinsic tyrosine kinase activity, and which ones need JAK//STAT for signal transduction? I poop on you.
I hate to disappoint you, but my rubber lips are immune to your charms.
1. Kea: a) one who has an excessive amount of cool b) a verb showing that someone is doing something sick c) a person filled with self-loathing for actually following this FB fad
Meh.
Ok, *PROPNAME*. You only get to name ONE disease with a name that ridiculous. Come on!
can't decide if it's good or bad that med students score worse than a monkey randomly choosing an answer for some of these USMLE questions...
just typed "loves 30 Rock so much it hurts sometimes" into the FB search box. I think I'm hemorrhaging brain cells at this point.
Had a dream last night that I defied the laws of the space-time continuum. Isn't that like the holy grail of dreams?
Who dat?!
Seriously going insane. Actually wishing I could move up my date to spare myself the psychological nightmare of last-minute USMLE studying.
thinks one of her library nemeses is trying her own emergency tactic on her, namely, faking a horrendous cough to drive others away. Oh, it's ON, bitch!
caved.
just finished watching terminator about to watch Dance Flick :)
got stuck writing my book, listening to staind & Muse lost track of thee Bloody Time! now im stuck in my own little world i have created!
The wise speak only of what they know.” ~ J.R.R TOLKEIN
is planning to go to the snow on ash's holidays :)
is going to write some more of my book!
just finished watching 10'000 BC now heading to bed hopefully ill feel better 2morrow :)
):
is making homemade mini quiches for *PROPNAME*!!!
i want a pygmy marmoset
finally *PROPNAME* is asleep im not well at all ):
me and wato's are on the jimmy not gettin very far!!! lmao hella goooooooddddd!!!
is finally off to bed...so tired!!!
Each friend represents a world in us, a world possibly not born until they arrive, and it is only by this meeting that a new world is born
Finally got the net back on!!!! BUTTT left my camera with my funky pics from the w//e in Bendi ): owell!
im going to play mahjong :)
up early, i finally had a good nights sleep :) all refreshed for today!
cant sleep but im so tired
Real women are not perfect, Perfect women are not Real!!!
"look not from the mind, but from the soul. For the life that is coming is already before us, waiting to open up the world. just look more closely. find the eyes to see."
it was such a beautiful sunny day and now its raining!!!
back in bendigo and starting my detox...FUN FUN!!!
In the night garden is not 4 kids!Upsydaisy & igglepiggle kissin in the pinkyponk,tombliboos always strippin,pontipines have 8 kids & maccapacca has OCD!
amber decided it would be fun to steal an egg and smash it on the carpet ):
is still sick and missing ash already!
is off to bed!!! so tired
Lovin keyshia coles new song TRUST!!!
Aristotle wasc right when he said - to perceive is to suffer!
is *PROPNAME* :) <3
is ready for bigger and better things!!!
i seen a cauliflower @ the Crown!!!
might head off to melb tonight!!! gotta get out of bendiGAYYYY
the weather is horrid for a saturday but i suppose we need the rain!
need to find a house in melb want to move b4 christmas!
is finally ready to sleep got doc appointment 2morrow or shall i say 2day!
is heading to bed not feeling 100% tonight! nye nye's every1 xo
and amber are gettin out groove on!!! lol
is about to start reading my new book~library of the dead by glenn cooper seems very interesting :)
has decided to quit smoking, havnt had one in 2 days!!
having a nice hot mug of ginger and lemon tea
YAY *PROPNAME* is fast asleep already!!! that's wat happens wen tarnisha puts toys in her cot wen they are supposed to be sleeping!
had a gud nite!!! might go to melb later, feel like a train adventure!
Just watched the new Harry Potter :) now heading to bed!!!
*PROPNAME* decided it would be good fun to spill noodles all over her and all over the floor!
Cant wait till *PROPNAME*'s party this Sat :)
cant sleep and looking for some inspiration but yet im so tired, i need to finish this chapter! im gonna regret this later today!
YAY!!! my house is finally looking normal again
cant find my phone Grrrrr i think i left it @ mum's ):
*PROPNAME* is being so naughty today!
just got my labret re-peirced
up nice and early....heading to melb soon, *PROPNAME* is coming today WOOHOOO!!!
Off to Gold coast this weekend WOOHOO!!!
my sketch is getting done and im off to get my first tatt next monday wooo hoo
just got back to the hotel for dinner then hitting the gym,pool & spa!!!
Ginger & Lemon tea works wonders lol
and *PROPNAME* are ROCKIN it out!!! lol
Courage is found in unlikely places.
Hmmmmm what can i do tonight???
is off to bed nite all!!!
LMAO ROX!!!
has just finished my first cup of tea hmmm what can i do today?!!
Damn you's a sexy bitch DAMN GIRL!!!
is making singapore curry for dinner with coconut and saltana rice
did some christmas deco shopping and got amber a singing elmo stocking....i so wish i didnt do that now hahaha
cant sleep...gonna write some more of my book!!!
wants to plan a kid city day for the little ones next month who is interested???
i really hate spiders just found a heap of massive black ones on the outside of the house i mean MASSIVE :(
and ash have been outside cleaning the yard and making a rabbit hut for amber :)
ash will be home soon :) yay his dinner is waiting for him
is having a bad day why am i so Agro...i think the moon is taking its affect on me already!!!
And *PROPNAME* are rocking it out to Aaliyah
+ Being able to relate to or think about the unknown is half the battle of expanding your spiritual beliefs. Having the opportunity to experience it personally is the other half. - *PROPNAME*
is having a movie night with my man!!! :)
I AM A HUMAN NOT A SANDWICH!!!
is stuck on MEDIUM!!!! :)
is fricken hot!!!
is headin to bed in a min, im so tired tonight! wonder what tomorrow brings :)
off to bed so tired and i cant wait till tomorrow HAPPY BIRTHDAY Ash i love you so so much! xoxoxo
i get my new bedroom setting on monday YAY!
its friggin hot and it will be like this till moday arrrggghhh so sleepin in the loungeroom 2nite!
amber likes Beyonce its funny, everytime i put one of her songs she starts dancing like crazy and singing
cant wait to see new moon & 2012 im counting down the days hahaha
want to invest in a pool hmmmm hate public pools yuk
is going to see 2012 tonight woo hoo!!! been waiting to see this, it would be interesting to see if nostradamus predictions come true in 2012!!!
Free your mind, Freen your thought, think outside the box, we have to restore balance in the world or we will cease to exist come on think about what is really going on in the world can we afford to be so selfish!!!
cant wait till MAGICK HAPPENS!!! taking ash and my little girl with me!!! anyways off to bed to dream my night away :) nite all FB friends! sweet dreams
it has been a very interesting day so far.....havin a ball!!!!! poor sandy nearly got hit by lightening
wants to watch Medium but left it in the car along with my phone *FRUSTRATION*
some people really get under my skin, i love intellegence at the same time have a low tolerance for stupidity, on the upside i got myself some new books and remedies to test!!!
wants ash to get his butt out of bed so we can go and do something!!!
Mehhh.....................WHY????!
“I do not love the bright sword for it's sharpness, nor the arrow for it's swiftness, nor the warrior for his glory. I love only that which they defend” Tolkein (lord of the rings)
this is the best morning ive had in such a long time! im loving it!
WHERE THE HELL IS DANI WATSON???? i need my purse back i have to go grocery shopping GRRRRRRrrrrrr
is having a games night with the girls if anyone is interested in joining???
and *PROPNAME* wants to go to the Beach!!!
YAY its Friday!!! hopefully Wattys gets her butt in town 2day! :)
gonna play mahjong
is back!!! *PROPNAME* will not sleep, teething :(
got booze all i need now is a drinkin buddy
is havin a drink with ash, jaz and tiggs :)
cannot believe some people!!! you do nice things for someone and they take you for granted! well this is the last straw for me NO MORE will i help this person!
just a question to all off my friends!!! do you think that a REAL INDIGO would be racist???? i thought we were here to help others not put them into a catagory where we critisize people over something they have no control over i find this quite disturbing
misses Ash heaps xoxo
is having a drink jazza and tiggs :)
YAY booked in for family portraits :)
Pass The Courvoisier
didnt even realise Bendigo cup was on 2morrow hahaha need to get updated with the times :) anyways got portraits today and they were absolutly fantastic!!! hmmm what can i do 2morrow, got alot of housework to catch up on which sucks bigtime :( its never ending!
i want a beverage!!!! hurry up people! lol
ash is really pissing me off right about now GRRRrrrrr
had a great day shopping got some new dresses and amber new clothes havin a beer and chillaxin now
just dropped the boyz off at the Airport...Hennessey here we come! CRUNK JUICE :) LOL
just made the best citrus cous cous salad for tea with pumpkin and potato croquettes yumm
hmmm ash is cooking dinner tonight but the question is when??? lol
so so confused!!! cant wait till the girls get here :)
Many that live deserve death. And some that die deserve life. Can you give it to them? Then do not be too eager to deal out death in judgement. For even the very wise cannot see all ends.” Tolkein (lord of the rings)
had CLOGS for tea was soooo goood! now havin a beer :)
had a really great day at nan howarth's with the whole family yesterday :) now off to nanna and poppi khoo's today YAY :)
rockin out to paramore===
is hell tired so im heading to bed! nite all xo peace
ash is a freakkkkkkk!
shots of petrone!!!! da da daa da da da daaa da shot shot shot shots
waitin for wato's 2 get here!!! she is takin her sweet time! lol
Getting my tattoo drawn up today! so excited, mite get a peircing while im out and about!
listening to Alicia Keys new album....so far i like:) its AWESOME!
i karate chopped a homeless guy at the dinner table because im a ninja!!!
thinks karma is an amazing thing!!!
BLAAHHHHh what a crappy morning!!!
Never pretend to a love which you do not actually feel, for love is not ours to command.
made my first batch of peppermint foot scrub and it works wonders!!! love it!
is having pepper steak with baby honey carrots, steamed zuccini, brocolini, eggplant and baby potato's with red wine gravy soooo gooood!!!
having a beer and listening to tunes still pretty bored hey
º¤ø¸„ø¤Keep the Australia Day Wave Goingº°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ º¤ø¸„ø¤Keep the Australia Day Wave Goingº°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ º¤ø¸„ø¤Keep the Australia Day Wave Goingº°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„Pass It On º¤ø
loving my new book!!! i recomend "The house of night" series to everyone!!!
9 inches :(
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name, copy and paste this as your status, and put the first entry for your name under your status
misses the the sound of the wind's voice and the whispering of the tree's
The key to realizing a dream is to focus not on success but significance - and then even the small steps and little victories along your path will take on greater meaning.
is bloody tired!!! taking *PROPNAME* to the beach tomorrow :) i even brought her a bucket with spades lol
just stay true to you!
just got back from the market and YES once again i brought candles!
off to wedderburn today going to celebrate halloween for the weekend YAY!!!
How many really know what love is? Millions never will Do you know until you lose it That it's everything that we are looking for When I wake up in the morning You're beside me I'm so thankful that I found Everything that I been looking for
just finished my house duties now going to have a cuppa and chill back with my little girl
cheers to the freakin weekend!
If I wear makeup, I'm fake. If I like to get dressed up, I'm a Tart. If I say what i think, I'm a bitch. If I cry sometimes, I'm a drama queen. If I have guy friends, I'm a slut. If I stand up for myself, I'm mouthy. Seems like you can't do anything now a days without being labeled.. So what, go ahead and label me, see if i give a shit. Repost this if your proud of who you are! x x
i couldnt ask for a better support system
off to work i go!!!
me myself and i!
wants to move to Daylesford!!!!
heading home in a minute then off to look at bikes for bee's birthday in the morning!
in times that are tough you really learn something new about yoursrlf, your life, the path your taking and the people around you. im happy for this and my life is great at this very moment i dont want it to change anything.  this is a new chapter!!!
i came to win to fight to conquor to thrive, i came to win to survive to prosper i came to FLY
regret letoya feat ludacris perfect song
*PROPNAME* doo-wops & hooligans <3
off to do some hardcore shoppimg for bee's
had a good day out, met family from mauritius i didnt know i had, brought amber nearly an entire new wardrobe, bike and other goodies!!!
Meditation time!!!!
off to mansfield again!!!
is off to read my book
is beyond caring i came back here to be happy and live the way i want to live.... my life is in my own hands you cant determine whats gonna make me happy and at peace only i can do that! i dont need anyone as long as i believe in myself!!!
pineapple
going out for dinner tonight at the Deck mansfield cannot wait!
is cooking home made chilli, lime and corriander burgers yummm feel like a beer and some poker just no-one to play it with :(
off to work soon so cbf!
so tired cant wait to get home to see my baby girl!
back to reality
Some phone no. from San Ramon called and I was excited to answer as I thought it was the school district, only to hear that they were looking for a *PROPNAME*. Boo :// ...*PROPNAME*
working on a few art projects ;D Ideas//Inspirations//Dreams are welcomed! ...
takes a hike.
*crossing fingers*
will try my hands at sushi makin' :p
No matter what, you've got to strut
wants to practice her markswoman skills. Wonders if there are any archery classes in this neck of the woods ...      D------ -
Dad tells me that he listens to "Gin and Juice" on his way to work sometimes. I lol'd
...98.1 Golden Oldies ;)
is happy Southwest found her luggage today!
Dirt Divas championships, then off to Denver!
Someone give Lady Gaga a bandaid!!!
"Baby I've got you on my mind..." O_<
When one door closes, another one opens...
is no longer at *PROPNAME*.
Can't wait for Casablanca theme night!!
Walgreens all out of the flu vaccine...Plan B...vitamins(?)
Guy in a "peace-sign" truck tailgates then cuts me off on the freeway. Some act of kindness a-hole.
Student: Can I turn this assignment in late and still get full credit? Ms. T: Nope. Student: I'll give you an apple? Ms. T: Too cliche. Student: ..How 'bout a pineapple?
is really excited about arranging and decorating the classroom today :p
the classroom didn't feel like a sauna or smell like sweaty sock-house today. Whoohooo!
dreaming in color
needs to fight off this cold o_O
is drinking ice tea by the pool ... like a boss
About to use my new alarm clock that projects time on the ceiling ;p Laziest thing ever and I'm gonna love it!
Brother says I look like a Russian spy right now. lol!
Feels like punching something. What should it be?
I'm just sippin on chamomile...
hopes it will snow in Concord again this week. That was the highlight of the day for sure!
doesn't like it when things don't go according to plan, but is grateful for her ability to improvise :p
Visiting mah' parents...ready to play Beatles Rockband with muh' brothas. haha
Fun time with BG at "Nightlife" Academy of Science. Drinking some wine, gazing at stars, observing an albino alligator, and dancing to some bongo-beats! Craazy mix
Congratulations to *PROPNAME*, 2009 Graduate! Whoohooo! Keep reachin' for the stars broder :D
getting organized
Good deal on my New Years 'fit and my first good pair of 4 inch pumps! Lets see if I survive the night...haha
wants an ice cold beer!!
Going to the golfing range with Papa-Diddy Pops :)
just as I remembered...rockclimbing is the shizz! Now I'm amp'd for the work week. ;D
s feeling good :)
"But he was able to understand one thing: making a decision was only the beginning of things."
Get up and get out
"Forever young, I wanna be, forever young..."
looking forward.
Me + Exams = Epic Phail ~.~
*begins chanting in an unknown language with warcraft music playing in the background*
Is gonna get his own laptop soon (tomorrow) >.> Finally... after all these years... waiting... for my revenge!! (on the online world that is) :O
After spending time on watching Code Geass instead of doing my PW... I realised... that is was soooo worth it... Best Anime Show Ever... Fuck The Ending... ugh...
ITS OVER 9000!!!@#$%^&!! :D
Believes that life is like the open sea, and truth is the wind in our sails. (no wonder I'm not moving)
I suck!
Just experienced water rationing. It was fun. It's what happens when construction workers screw up and break the water pipe for your block... LOL (no water the whole day today and tomorrow) :o
Just had an awesome Friday. Like, Seriously... haha
SongRocxzxzxzxzzx
I have to run, run to the moment that set me free. I need to know why I hear the sound... the sound of my dream -
Nothing comes to my mind...
Realised that he is actually a Virgo... lol
There is no emotion; there is peace.  There is no ignorance; there is knowledge.  There is no passion; there is serenity.  There is no death; there is the Force.
Thanks to some random person in my class having H1N1, my exams have been postponed for like... A ENTIRE WEEK!!! So now... Back to Warcraft... and imma panic later XD
Needs to wake up...
needs to change...
is now even less likely to study because fortune teller genius told him that he didn't have to >.>
Loves the rain, it makes him feel better for some reason... good bye suicidal thoughts, hello happy ones ^^ MOAR RAIN PLZ!!!!! D:
Needs to stop consumption of harmful substances ... but can't D:
Thanks everyone, for the birthday wishes, appreciate it (:
wants the world to hurry up and end already.....
Reflecting upon an entire week of school break: - Good News - I cleaned my room! - Bad News   - That was about the only beneficial thing I did the entire week..... Conclusion: I'm sooooo screwed..... >_>
He who has not found something which he would die for has no right to live.
After 3 hours of online reading and research, I have diagnosed myself to have a type of Red-Green colour deficiency, under Anomalous Trichomy, called Deuteranomaly.  LIFE SUCKS! ...
So many words and faces... So many different voices... Where do they lead...
I love chaos, for most are consumed by it, blind to its hidden beauty, allowing me excludibility to revel at its magnificence.
I officially have got nothing to do ... at all... like... seriously...
Weak hearts faint, When troubles rises. Brave hearts soars, Steals all the prizes. False heart, it shrinks small in peace. And finds in fear, no sucrease.
It has been confirmed... I'm going to poly! >=D Now... to find a job while I wait... >.>
The americans have forgotten that they were once terrorists to the british ~
Can't believe he overslept today... of all days... ~.~ The Day of Reckoning is at hand! XD
never thought that he would see the day where he would wish for failure.
The world is so desperate nowadays that the promise for peace can win a man a Nobel Prize. Let's hope that he keeps his word.
I need to get a shirt that says, "I don't speak Chinese!" ... Like... seriously... ._.
needz moar!
Trust should only be given to those who truly understand its value.
Let's see... we've had typhoons in pacific asia, and now heavy flooding in the UK, bushfires in Australia, Landslides in Turkey, Volcano Eruption in Colombia, New mutation of H1N1 that's resistant to tamiflu, and a whole lot of violent human related killings, while here in Singapore we complain about water reaching our ankles... WTF?!
When you start debating to yourself on the mechanisms of magic, you also subconciously debate as to the strength of your hold on reality. Conclusion: Fantasy is addictive. O,O
No sense makes nonsense, but nonsense makes sense. So what then is nonsense, in a world without sense? O.o
It's amazing how easily you can find aunties that speak both Malay & Chinese but not english...
Me, myself, and my computer. Deja vu
had a - has a fever. Got stuck in a jam at orchard road. After the jam, bus broke down. While waiting at a new bus stop, two busses drove by without stopping. Ended up taking four hours to get home. God is Evil.
is finally on a Role Playing World of Warcraft Server! All aboard the Fantasy train! >=D
No more TV mobile Next year... I am sad... D:
"But I don't want to go among mad people," Alice remarked. "Oh, you can't help that," said the Cat: "we're all mad here. I'm mad. You're mad." "How do you know I'm mad?" said Alice. "You must be," said the Cat, "or you wouldn't have come here."
Women speak because they wish to speak, whereas a man speaks only when driven to speech by something outside himself -- like, for instance, when he can't find any clean socks...
Watched Inglorius Basterds on Blu-Ray followed by Avatar in 3D and is feeling soooo Epic. Dayum.
New philosophy for 2010: If it makes you feel good, then I say do it.
WoW Patch 3.3 is out... It's titled, "Fall of the Lich King" ... WHY MUST ARTHAS DIE?! OH GOD WHY?! T-T ((Then again... Yay for Justice! ^^))
is cutting his hair bald -
A break from the norm in the wake of this storm is the strange sound of silence as I wait to be born
Well, according to my parents, when I was like 6, everytime my sister tried to call me 'abang', I'd shout at her and say, "Brother!! Not abang!!" At least now I know why I never got anywhere with malay >.>
There was a staff meeting earlier today... When everyone was gathered, attention focused on the manager, I heard the Godfather soundtrack start to play over the speakers... just before the manager started speaking... Coincidence? I THINK NOT! >.>
I made an oopsie :>
There's this guy at my workplace who only speaks chinese. We communicate through hand signals and inferrence on my part. At first, I just thought that he was really friendly, brotherly love and all that. Then when the aunties saw him smiling at me, then told me in english, "He's Gay." Now I'm scared O_O
Something Wicked This Way Comes... ... o.o
Quote of the day: "Sex is a weapon the girls use to defeat us!" - Random Primary school boys who were sitting behind me on a bus... lol
Is sooo screwed for his promos..... Good Bye JC Life... ~.~
I have got loads of naturally white hair, am easily fatigued, suffer from the occasional backache, and am now growing a nice round tummy, apparently. I'm getting too old for this...
Its way to early on a Saturday to be heading to work...
relaxing at Chapel Ridge Pool...call me if you would like to join. 252-646-3927!
doesn't know what to do now...
had a bad day...
And I won't be far from where you are if ever you should call, You meant more to me than anyone I ever loved at all; But you taught me how to trust myself and so I say to you,This is what I have to do
moving day...
really f-in upset...
is gonna be alright, but tonight is not the night...
some asshole side-swided my car...
beach!!!
off to work!!
IN MHC!!!
hoping that tomorrow will be better than today...
MHC for Seafood Festival!! Time for some good music, good food, and great friends!
had an amazing weekend, but now it is time to get some work done!
today just got so much better!
got the job!!!
I am so jealous of everyone that is already of Thanksgiving break...
I'll take it...
finally gets to go home tomorrow!
work this morning then MHC bound!
interview @ Elon!!
interview at ECU
is taking a nap and dreamin of *PROPNAME*
is going on a road trip to CO! wish me luck
is looking for someone to watch a movie with...possibly *PROPNAME*?
is going to have rocky mountain dreams
wants the "22kt gold star trek commander Spock card" in the ad to my right.
is very angry that she cant figure out how to get pictures up of my super awesome colorado trip
wants to escape
is wondering if anyone from the burbs is going down to u of i this weekend? party before the youngins start class?
hates being sick... wheres my miracle cure? please send if you find it
is taking advantage of dollar pitchers at the public house... call to join me on this awesome deal
is desperately bored..entertain me please
went camping and canoeing for the weekend :)
is going to be a great SIU groupie
has a 2X2 bruise from falling at legends...largest i can remember ever having. ow
anyone doing anything earlier tonight? call me im lonely :)
can't believe shes not returning to the u of i
is loving that The Santa Clause with tim allen is on tv, great 90s classic
is wondering what everyones doing tonight.. and can i invite myself? lol
never thought helping with burning gift wedding cds would be so terribly difficult
woke up to the terrible olympic news :(
is so careful, i cant move
great weekend filled with tailgating, wine trails, and lots of laughs!
is bored in her own home... come and save me
is watching obama represent Chicago2016... fingers crossed for tomm afternoon!
tryed to buy a car at LISTED price and still couldnt... i dont understand the car industry
have to admit... zombieland was pretty good
just bought her first car, 2006 mazda3 only 15000 miles!!! kinda worrying that somehow somethings just gonna fall off of it, great price for a car that someone oviously never drove.
what are other sites to look for a job (other than the obvious monster and careerbuilder)........????
anyone have my gray wool coat? or remember the last time you saw it last night.... opps
loving the drunk messages i got tonight! hilerious.. love my friends
i have 8 invites to give out to Google Wave. write your email if your interested in being part of the first to get accounts!
left her purse on the train yesterday and it was given to the lost and found!! makes me still belive in the goodness of people.
would love a rainbow race right now! :(
can see the strike at u of i on the quad cam... first good use of this thing
U of I or Bust! call me if your in chambana please :)
i am uneligible for car insurance bc of the other people i live with... great
has a farmers tan
went into the shower with my new watch..oops
is excited for the best holiday of the year... Dranksgiving at the Dupage Inn. call to join the festivus
ballydoyles trivia tonight? call if your in!
finds it funny that the rule of the road change to survival in the snow storm
is wondering whats happening for the weekend
ballydoyle trivia tonight at 9 ish, call if your interested!
It's WAYBACK WEEK! Everyone change your profile pic to a throwback picture of yourself when you were young!! Let's have fun and get everyone to do it. Copy and paste this to your status!
being sick is terrible
heading to the Paign for tomm night... better be ready
"beer bong for my lady?" what gentleman are on the wisconsin river
You want to play house you got to have a job. You want to play nice house, very sweet house, you got to have a job you don't like.
beach, beach, beach!!!!!! :]
:]]
aawww, i feel like shit.//
ahhh work is sooo slowww:[[[
haha, poor richie, richie, richie:]
:] ahhh, love it
workk sucks:[
let's just fucking rage and hit her in her face! HRA%#(HS
what a good day! ahh i'm so excited:]
another double shitf! oh joyyy:] can it just be 1am already?
is not a paitent person and finds this super annoying.
everythign but the rain :D
"don't trip, know i'll always be by your side. keep your chin up and smile. stay positive, it is what it is..oh my oh my, look on the bright side"
canteen grill then lazy dog cafe then maybe ucla? idk see you tonight bradley!!! :]]
HAPPPY HALLOWEEN!!!!!!!! time to celebrate
canteen then lazy dog then samba universal!!! :] go! go! go! go!
come visit me at work i'm sooo bored! ://
party's off guys,lake show and unborn
how do you play poker?!
hahhhahaha
chicka boom boom
I need to find something meaningful to do
hello ochem, please love me
hrmm
wee xmas!
i want to sniff yur armpits!!! =o)
what school week is this?
I'm a facebook noob...
Has a fever of 102 :(
is going crazy from editing CSS files.
Aion, I think that might be my next MMO addiction...
If you can teach your parents computers, you can teach anyone.
Whats the point in re-directing downloads?
So much work, so little time...
Why does firefox crash at the most important times?!
Owl City - electronica, pop, alternative.  What a great combination. Plus, their album is actually good unlike half the songs on the radio.
Michael Jackson is dead! What is the world coming too!
is wondering if she is a bad mom since her kids are still up watching TV?
"This may be a dumb question to some, but is Jesus our Heavenly Brother or Heavenly Father?"
*PROPNAME* is a fool!
is up ready for another day...I really hate going to school!
Woo Hoo...Im Twenty-Two!!! (Lame I know, but its my BDay)
wants to thank you all for your birthday wishes. Now it's time to make my rounds and eat some good cooking!
stayed at Incredible Pizza for 5 1//2 hrs yesterday and I'm about to do it all over again today (its so great having kids)...Happy Birthday *PROPNAME*!
is wishing *PROPNAME* a Happy 2nd Birthday. I love you!
is wishing a Happy Birthday to my bestie *PROPNAME*! "I love you honey, and I hope you have a wonderful 22nd Birthday!"
Look back and thank God. Look forward and trust God. Look around and serve God. Look within and find God. God closes doors no man can open and God opens doors no man can close. If you need God to open some doors for you, pray and repost...
prefers swimming in Lake Tahoe to staring at it on her computer desktop :)
wishes she could give her dog a huge hug right now.  Dog lovers: read "The Art of Racing in the Rain"
hey friends! did anyone leave a fake (but extremely real looking) gun in my car?
is speechless from the flowers sitting on my desk.  can't stop smiling.  I honestly don't know how I got so lucky
TAHOE TIME!
in the studio.  listening to amazing musicians record an amazing film score. so proud of my genius composer boyfriend!
has a crush on the birthday boy...
MAUI. so happy and warm and thankful :)
longest day ever?  Full day in hawaii + red eye flight to LA followed by 15 hours of rehearsal for The Sing-Off.... it's time to SLEEP!
is drinking tea and Emergen-C like it's nobody's business.  I refuse to be sick any longer!!
Tonight! NBC at 8 pm! The Sing-Off is ON and I am freakin excited!
Wow, I am blown away by how supportive everyone is!! THANK YOU! 2nd episode tonight at 8 :)
is back in LA! back at work! back to 75 degrees and sunny!  and yet, missing the single-digit temperatures of chicago....
is having a little bit of a post-haircut freak-out. (it's so short!! ah!)
woke up in Chicago :) Happy, healthy, wonderful new year, everyone!!
family in LA! let the restaurant adventures begin!
just made amazing pineapple curry jasime rice!! jealous??
(viral) social experiment: if you read this, even if we don't speak often, please post a comment with a memory of you and me - anything you want, good or bad or silly or sad. When you're finished, post this paragraph as your own status... you'll be surpri
misses her baby soooooooo much!!
ATTENTION JERSEY PEOPLE!!!..........Montgomery County Animal Shelter is closing tomorrow. You can adopt for free tomorrow between 12-4. They will be euthanizing all animals without a home!!! Go & save a life!! 30 cats and 80 dogs left. please re-post!
Thanksgiving at our place!! We eat at 5:00pm!! We would love to have you!! : )
on my way to 60 degrees and rainy. yay.
Nude.
Been thinking about adopting a pet?? Chihuahuas arrive at the Manhattan ASPCA Wednesday Jan 13th from 12-7pm. Chichis are the PERFECT city dog, so loyal, extremely loving, highly intelligent with tough new york personality. THEY ARE AMAZING!!
only the cool kids are on facebook at 12:30 on a saturday night. : )
Just gave *PROPNAME* a big piece of chicken out of my pasta, totally forgetting I just loaded it down with cayenne pepper!! She's still at her water bowl. Good lord, the gas that is to come while I'm sleeping... (I'm so sorry baby!!)
I've lived in this place and I know all the faces Each one is different but they're always the same They mean me no harm but it's time that I face it They'll never allow me to change'
To see you when I wake up Is a gift I didn't think could be real
Had an incredible night...from now on if ur looking for me on a tuesday night I will be at the derbs : )
There is never enough time to do everything, but there is always enough time to do the most important thing'
Definately maybe : )
wants to curl up and watch movies all night : )
wondering if I've got the strength to get through this one : //
Help me remember --*PROPNAME*
GOT A JOB!!!! yesssssss : ) : ) : )
crawling into bed and sleeping for 500000000000   years..... <3 vegas
: )
Cos all of the stars are fading away Just try not to worry youll see them some day
Thinking a downtown sb visit for halloween might be very necessary : )
Ata motseh chen b'aynai
It's our god forsaken right to be loved <3 <3 <3 <3'd
Cooking up a storm <3
On a mission to go back home for the world cup!!! Anyone know how to not make it a mission? haha... South Africa here we come <3 <3
bit my nails through that whole game... a wins a win though : )
True life: two young people believe that love can only be achieved with multiple partners...huh
My pin: 24797c05
No work tomorrow! finally...time for a great night and a morning of sleeping in : )
My pin: 24797c05
My intention is to go to your damn school...why do I need to write a whole essay telling you that!!!
Thank you so much for all the bday love, I'm a lucky girl : ) come to the DERBY tonight to celebrate!!! call or text if you have questions <3 <3
Poor chargers
To see you when I wake up is a gift I didn't think could be real'
Wow I'm a very happy camper : ) I think an SB visit is in order NOW..katie no comments hahah <3 <3
This is NOT funny. tornados do not exist in orange county, they just dont.
Only made it back to olympic from school...i like : )
Not going to work today...i have a laker game to watch, very important. priorities, priorities.
Define me urban dictionary "The Most wonderful person in the World. Kind, Sweet, Loving, Caring, Gentle. Perfect in Every way. The one you love for all your life. Crazy hot girl. Beautiful, smart & funny; *PROPNAME* posesses atributes absent in 99.9% of women. Truly a lucky find. Plus she rocks. The most wonderful drug in the world, better know as lortab. taking the pill may cause a sense of euphoria, & well being." hahaha
"Distance is just a test to see how far love can travel"
3 more days until santa barbara!! Its gonna be a phenomenal weeekend : )
Just learned about how succe$$ful I will be, very shortly : ) dont be jealous, you get what you give
Beautiful ceremony for a beautiful person. You will be missed and loved forever but never forgotten. Rest peacefully <3
R.I.P *PROPNAME*! You and your music will alway be in my heart :(
I  walked around whole Sundsvall today and half the way it started to rain.....
I'm off to work!! have the evening shift....
Have a new IPOD :)
Welcome Dinner tonight and I'm the toastmaster :)
Have done Zumba for the past 1 hour... a really greate form of workout.. Love it!! :)
Have fixed my music library on my laptop... so now everything is in order :)
A whole day of shoping and I didn't find a single thing...... hmmmmm
My troath hurts :(
First day of school wasn't so bad.... Just abit scary ;)
Soon on my way to the Bad Taste party.... :)
relaxing after yesterdays party :)
RIP *PROPNAME* - Boyzone will never be the same without you....
I'm down.... In bed with a nasty cold....just want to sleep... I really hate being sick.... :(
Got a new mobilephone..... :)
It's Snowing!!! Ahhhhhhh.....
Had a home-spa day today, the best thing to do if you want to kill some time when it's raining outside...
I just fell in love with jazz improvisation.. it's so much fun :)
Had my first statistics class today and it was so..... hmmm... how should I say it.... messy maybe...  this really gonna be a strange class.....
Back home again from the Tallinn Party Cruise.... Tierd but Happy :)
Trying to find schools for my C-level paper....
From All of Us to All of You a Very Merry Christmas :) !!!!
Only 1.5 weeks left of my summer-work then its back to Karlstad again... Looking forward to it.... It starting to get abot boring up here in the north.... ;)
I'm Happy, Happy, Happy, Happy.... Thanks everyone for the nice Birthday wishes I love you all!!!! :D
Motivation = Zero
Conflictmanagement are really interesting... I just find out that i'm more like my mother then I thought :)
Was on my first voice lesson today... feels good to start singing again... It was a long time ago... but now I'm back on track again ;)
I like my life right now... :)
thinks this is the best day ever!!! ;)
is on *PROPNAME*'s 30th birthday Golf Pub Crawl!!
is loving girls night out for *PROPNAME*'s bday!
is @ the Whitecaps!!
loves her new Jeep Liberty!!
is praying that that tech guys can save her computer otherwise I start my thesis over from ground zero...
on the boat with M&M!
is picking up JLGR's Beneath the Wreath posters and postcards!  Wohoo!
is trying to figure out something super amazing to do on her last two days off...
is so excited for Hageman's wedding!  My former roomie is all grownsd up.  :)
is going to a fraternity formal (not something I ever thought I'd say at the age of 27)
from the first day of school to the first Junior League meeting...busy day!
wishes she were in EL cheering on State rather than working on her thesis...
you know it was a good party when a Tasmanian Devil and Bumble Bee show up the next afternoon looking for their lost antennae...
is relaxing in Fremont with the fam.  Tomorrow it's off to the Driftwood & possibly KC's :)
wishes life was always as simple as it was in high school when my biggest decision was what to wear for yearbook pictures...
just turned in her Master's project and is finally done!!!
is enjoying the last day of holiday shopping at Beneath the Wreath!  11:00-3:00 today at the St. Nicholas Cultural Center.  www.juniorleaguegr.com
and *PROPNAME* are driving to the Florida Keys!!!!
just got an "A" on my six hour capstone exam for my Master's...yay!
is excited for Picnic Pops!  (*PROPNAME* = not so much)
Hello, FHS Class of 2000!  We are planning a 10 year reunion for this May//June.  If you have thoughts//suggestions then feel free to contact me or *PROPNAME*.  Thanks!
Congrats to *PROPNAME* on his wedding today and Go State!
made her first attempt at cooking bok choy...not sure there will ever be a second.
is missing Pokey Stix, *PROPNAME*'s, and everything about East Lansing!!  Go State!
Let's go State!
Ai is coming to San Jose on Sept. 4th =D
Happy Lunar New Year, Chuc Mung Nam Moi, Xing Nian Kwai Le
[13 hours in vcpa today... it's going to be a long day..!]
[. . . dammit! just remembered that i still have stuff to finish for work . . . & how did it get to be 2am?? . . .]
"we go out in stormy weather · we rarely practice discern · we make love to some with sin · we seek out the taciturn · and that's the way we get by · the way we get by..."
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhh..!
~[no response IS a response... & as far as i'm concerned, it's the very worst one you could give someone...*sigh* oh well tho]~
[...so f@#$% happy right now..!!! never saw that coming, not in a million years...] :D  ;P  :)
~[booooooo..!]~
...[well i may have screwed up~yet again~but the nice people who keep watching my crash & burn routine (one semester after another) have apparently not lost patience or given up on me quite yet...]     ~i am truly grateful~
[...]
[...well, it may not have been pretty (for the most part), but at least it's OVER!...] goodbye, fall semester '09 ~ you kicked my ass  :|
~ [...my phone is being lame today...] ~
ready to not be freezing my a*s off in the vcpa lobby any more for today! ashley, i hope you bring a sweatshirt..!
guys who claim to like me, present & future:  [...quit telling me what you think i want to hear (especially if you have no intention of backing it up ~CONSISTENTLY~ through your actions)... & just start telling me how it TRULY is, dammit..! if in reality it's not enough, i have a right to know that, & you have no right to claim otherwise.]
.........................why can't i focus on writing my paper AT ALL??...........................
[people should just stick to treating eachother the way that they really feel about one another, even if that means giving up whatever they might gain from pretending to like someone they really don't, or having to deal with the temporary awkwardness of admitting that they made a mistake, or changed their mind... or whatever. just a thought.]
finally almost done in the vcpa! 54hrs since wednesday is enough!
"yeah! i mean, i'm discovering all this, too... as i'm saying it."
"No, I'm not going to leave you out here. If I do that, I'll probably get fired, and then I'll do something stupid, and then I'll go back to jail." ~coach mcguirk  [home movies is one of the best shows ever] :)
¡felíz año nuevo, mis amigos y mi familia!
"yeah, i know! i mean, i'm discovering all this, too---as i say it"  ~ coach mcguirk
charlatán, -tana n, mpl -tanes  1 : chatterbox
HAHAHA ~ love this!: "Please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who has been eaten by dragons. My wish for 2010 is that people will understand, that being eaten by dragons is not something to be ashamed of. Dragons are nearly unstoppable and are truly terrifying. 93% won't copy and paste this... They have been eaten by dragons."
"miss anna, you must remember, you have been a very difficult woman ~ much more difficult than is generality."  ~ the king (from the king & i)   i love this movie..! [normally can't stand musicals, too...]
