has bed bugs..... ewwwww!
and mosquito bites
Mondays are the new thursdays- anthony bourdain + *PROPNAME*  = forgetting your financial troubles
is annoyed with herself
is not turning on her cell at the moment, or for the next few days- dont take it personally.
Is trying to figure out everything.....
wants no more friend or exboyfriend drama drama
is out for the count
Its the little things in life- fresh flowers, katie ion, netflix instant movies
is bummed the instant movie didnt pull through
wants to go to paris. anyone care to accompany me?
one minute at a time
Loves avoiding burning a whole in her pocket. Lesportsac purses and DVD overload.
really hates California's economy right now
I lost.....my ex is in a relationship before me
Is having a great day so far, thanks to santa paula noon meetings. and my mom.
is *PROPNAME*'s bestbian
misses the ability to drive
Mi familia de la cuidad de mexico esta aqui! Necesito que practicar mi espanol.
Is wearing red lipstick, watching movies, hot boys, and her mother screech at the family dog..... "random" doesnt even begin to describe this scene
anthony bourdain bliss
Turbo tax tried charging me $140 dollars to process my taxes. my mom did it for free. fuck you turbo tax and thanks mom for saving the day.
is on her way up north to face her judgement
Target is my savior- sandals, dresses and shirts, oh my!
is slightly smitten with the phoenix family. its weird, i know.
is hoping to finally get a break tomorrow!
rhinanna is just getting crazier and crazier. or more stupid.
feels like a bum without legs
Having a job again is weird, but welcome.
is 3 years to go
s electronics are giving out.
is celebrating her 90th day with dieting and work whahooo! not.
is in love with her new black peacoat. Who else is pumped it's fall?
is sick in an way she's never been physically sick before. feels like a hangover mixed with the flu mixed with weakness and nausea
hates the business that is the United States' healthcare system
thinks Rhianna's Italian Vogue photoshoot is in bad taste and inappropriate. yuck.
is excited for NBC thursdays- especially excited for community
is in love with *PROPNAME*.
"La Vie En Rose"- there are no words. Absolutely brilliant, honest, and beautiful movie.
is flashing lights kanye style
i got a break! a $3000 healthcare break! whoooooo
is actually going to see someone besides my mother on my day off. No offense mom. U r fabulous but im turning into a 13-year-old not-out-of-the-closet-yet gay man by the amount of time i spend with you.
ARGGGGGGGGGGGGG!!!!!!!
true blood is getting me in the halloween spirit. damn, bill is hot.
michael scott dancing in the booze cruise episode is really entertaining to me right now.
the office, cleaning, and hanging con mi madre are my drugs of choice this evening
RIP Prague nights Fall semester 2007
needs a hot hair cut. anyone know where i can get a fierce one for under 50 in vc?
wants to know when she became a single 35-year-old lady. Tonight I visited a dating site and watched "accidentally on purpose" and felt for the characters. seriously?!
is ready for her day off
life is looking up
is excited to kick it old school with an old friend in a new place
why does netflix need me to have at least 6 dvds in my queue? i think 5 is quite enough, thank you gluttonous 'merica.
is rediscovering her love for bjork
money, teeth cleaning, g-ma's, bus, top secret errand, target, rodarte dress for $40(!!!), some warm and comfy- themed xmas shopping, spending time with mom, coffee, sephora.com, the office, stepping outside and forgetting how cold it gets without proper coverage- productive and selfindulgent bliss. not a bad day off.
wants to find a way to san fran after the new year
is in love. With *PROPNAME*.
is going to start using disposable cameras again- she agrees with stephanie that the anticipation of not knowing what will show up is very missed
thank you to everyone who sent me fb love and made my birthday more special than i could ever have imagined. im sooooooo lucky to have so many great souls in my life.
is very excite for today and this weekend.
its a beautiful fall day in southern california.
s g-ma is the coolest
wishes she was moving on up in the world. but at least she has ja'mie to get her through it.
Today is my 2 month birthday!
intervention- heroine and xanax and crack- oh my.
is having a bad day. not even target, shoes, nor a good guacamole carls jr. burger could bring me up.
summer heights high. ja'mie, jonah, and mr. g. im hooked on chris lilley.
Um, amy poehler is rocking my world right now. seriously, the bad date rant was HYSTERICAL. tivo that shit. and by that shit, i mean parks and recreation.
Ten Movies to Watch Right Now (and some you can Instant Netflix) 1. La Vie En Rose 2. Shrink (if you love LA) 3. Paris Je'taime (if you love Paris) 3. Clay Pidgeons (*PROPNAME* is priceless) 4. Quills 5. Away We Go 6. Sunshine Cleaning 7. A League of Their Own 8. Smart People (I Heart *PROPNAME*'s Page and SJP) 9. Frost//Nixon 10. Doubt
Back from vacation and tired
Its a good night for fishing.
Damn close game on Monday. My Dolphins almost pulled it off!
It was a close one! But a W is a W, GO DOLPHINS!
Sick as shit.
HAPPY VETERANS DAY!!! Thank a veteran dammit!
How about thems steelers?
Done with Finals
Passed the PRAXIS
Nicel little test for *PROPNAME*!! Way to show them *PROPNAME* how to play PRO football!!
Four day camping trip!!! Holy Crap! this is going to be fun...
How do i change my name??
things just got really complicated
Im back and sunburned bad... ill just have to live with it i guess.
bored to tears... well not literally but... im still bored!
Whats on MY mind........ well hopefully the top of my head.....
happy fourth everyone
is still doing nothing all summer
The first day of school was SSLOOOOOWW...... hopefuly it will get better as the year gos on
FOOTBALL!!!!! first scrimmage today! its gonna be awesome!!!
I think its fun to run circles around someone while they are running and even better if the get tired first!
I think its fun to run circles around someone while they are running... and its even better if they get tired first!
What can one do when one is bored?
Can't wait for fair bowl!
We won 35 to 34! Close but still a win!!!
Haha! You can't say im a bored person all the time..... i had a great weekend!
Im so boreded again.......
having fun at school....... hmmm....... nvm
its snowing this morning........                  is that supposed to happen??
Can't wait for friday! (football game)
liked the greenhand conference and enjoyed watching volleyball woop butt today.....
Im so bored!!!
is awesomely cool!!!
Homecoming was awesome! i loved getting that tackle!! i wanna play again.....
im so bored today..... im always bored... i dont know why... hmmm
How do I change my FACEBOOK user name
Cant wait for Friday!
there were some scary people today... *whispers (opposite sex day)*
What a great life i have... first my nose... now my fricken hand!
UGH! another game lost..... We need to work as a team!
Basketball is fun but we've lost two games and won two
lost another game... but Dang!! was it close
new status time... now what should i put... oh well
will be completely honest for the next 24 hours....you can ask me one question (only in my inbox)....any question no matter how crazy or wrong it is....but you can only ask me one question!!!! you will have my full honesty....but i dare you to put this as your status too and see what questions you get !!! :) x This should be interesting.
AH! i hate being sick..... now i have to go to school tomorrow..... (hate that to)
will be completely honest for the next 24 hours....you can ask me one question (only in my inbox)....any question no matter how crazy or wrong it is....but you can only ask me one question!!!! you will have my full honesty....but i dare you to put this as your status too and see what questions you get !!! :) x This should be interesting.
Dragons ignored human names when they didnt't like the bearer.
fie! Time, Inc. has blocked gchat... does this mean I have to be productive now?
is in search of the perfect margarita... :)
I was sitting at LaGuardia, wondering why my flight was delayed, and then I saw on the TV that there had been a bomb threat and evacuation earlier today... lucky meeee
do i have to take out my nose ring and join the corporate world?
just spent the last hour looking at photos from junior abroad in london, and is dying to go back
hmmm i better not fail my pass//fail...
is struggling :( :( :( :( :(
ewww 33" of snow... apparently the most at one time since 1969!
LAW SCHOOL IS TOO HARD!
thanks everyone, but i decided to get younger this year... :)
On her way to NOLA!
Studying is cramping my style...
Everyone should listen to Funhouse...best record I've heard in a long time!
Wishing the lovely *PROPNAME* a Happy Birthday!
Will be working for OCB two months from now! I cannot wait!
Cannot believe the court is allowing the press to publish photos of MJ's kids....
moving back to NOLA on the first...so little time
Wishing all of her friend the best of luck on the Louisian Bar Exam!
The Law Graduates Prayer: God...if it's not too much to ask... May I pass the bar?
Excited to see *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* tonight, run *PROPNAME*, and see the weight fall off my butt!
At Rue
Counting down the days till NOLA!
Had an awesome fourth of July
5 days, until I leave Waco FOREVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Finally going to get the car washed tomorrow!
Scared of PC III and the bar...
hopin and prayin
Cannot believe it is Wednesday already!
Never getting gas before work again...
Hoping to get out of her driveway.
Cannot wait to see *PROPNAME* today!
It's a hershey's day
WHO 'DAT!
Takes home more from her monthly salary then she realized!
GE = finally recovering...thank you jesus!
working
Gettin ready for tommorrow!
Getting her Bar application together...yes, it's that time of year again!
is going on a deposition, my first real one with OCB!
Most disgusting statistic I've ever heard: AVG NYC Model = 5'10, 110lbs....
Stuyding for the MPRE!
is a busy bee
Had a great time seeing everyone at OCB today!
Excited to see that every stock in her portfolio outperformed market expectations!
Torture= watching *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* stock the pantry 15 minutes after I decide to get serious about this diet...
icky feeling = gone. Back to prancing through the office with a smile, and my usual excessive energy//need for adventure!
a very happy girl!
Rain is ruining my plans...
best boss's lunch ever!
phone = dead; chat with me here
Apparently applied to law school at Depaul today...at least that's what they tell me...
Only 9 more pounds... why won't they go away?
In our personal and professional lives, we are constantly hit with one adversity after the other, most of which we have no control over. But the four things we have total control over is how we react, how we adapt, how we breathe and how we take action.
The only people who are more entertaining then rappers are wannabe rappers. (See *PROPNAME*)
***Attention-Houston area ANIMAL LOVERS! Montgomery County Animal Shelter is closing tomorrow. You can adopt for free tomorrow between 12-4. They will be euthanizing all animals without a home!!! Go & save a life!! 30 cats and 80 dogs left. Please re-post.***
Is looking to join junior league of New Orleans, anybody know who to contact?
Thanking everyone for all the birthday love. Now, how 'bout them saints!? I am in need of a place//people to watch with tonight... any takers?
Exact words when renewing DL: Me: Oh no, you can't take my license, It's my 25th b-day. How am I going to get into the bar? DMV: We gonna give you a new one over there Me: But, it won't have my picture and stuff on it.  Dmv:  Hold up, we can take a picture of your picture and put it on a license i think. (yelling at co-worker to see if this can be done) Yup! Me: So, I can go to the bar?! Dmv: (sigh) Yeah girl!
is believing the best in others, because the Dove candy wrapper says so, betch!
Anyone know a good place for me to kennel my dog for thanksgiving// willing to dogsit?
Congratulations to all of my friends, especially *PROPNAME*, who passed the Lousiana bar, and for those of you who didn't, I'll be taking Barbri this february...so we can study together like old times!
Thanksgiving!
Rather enjoying her last day as a 24 year old
Enjoying this beautiful Sunday in Audubon park!
Swearing in!
Studying for the bar, please pray for me
bar...
Cheese fries!
Happy Thanksgiving!
Getting ready for NYC
Happy New Year!
Studying for the bar, less then 1 month!
Must find time to go XMAS Shopping...ahhh!
white
Apt = clean.  Now, coffee and Barbri!
Q: Will *PROPNAME* be going to Miami to watch the saints win the superbowl?  A: No, No she will not, she will be parked in her room studying for the bar exam...who's idea was it to move the test up two weeks?  hmmm....hmmmm... fml :(
Seems to be attracting incompetence today...
Going to *PROPNAME* to take down the LA bar and hoping she doesn't become a bad statistic!
Who 'dat!
Geaux Saints!
is leaving tomorrow. wtf.
is wandering about in the Alaskan wilderness like *PROPNAME*.
is in Homer, AK visiting *PROPNAME*!
just went to a bar with my mom and a bunch of other old people in Alaska. wtf?
har mindre enn en måned til Oslo!
bare én uke...
alone in marin...5 more pages, thanks lindow... rudy home in less than 2 days... Oslo 8 days!
TRE UKER TIL OSLO.
is in King Salmon, AK.
just moved into my dorm... which I share w// 4 guys. ??
BARE TO DAGER TIL OSLO!
fem dager.
wants to be back in AK.
just got twilight in norwegian... you can judge me.
come to uglebo tomorrow 2230-2...
having trouble understanding my roommates when they speak Norwegian at 70000 wpm.
gets to see ma and sis tomorrow :)
can't cook
in kailua... 12 dager til norge...
i Bergen
roll on you bearsssss
why is sjur blasting music at 730 am
elsker Oslo.
gets to see lil roady in TRE UKER
jeg mener at jeg har H1N1 i lungene
rudy in oslo tomorrow! :)
hates the norwegian immigration center. also the norwegian embassy in san francisco.
it's really cold out
thanks for the birthday wishes
RUDY I OSLO!
prøver å forsvare Obama til min norsk romkamerat på norsk og det er utrolig vanskelig.
elsker Oslo...
er i Sverige.
back in norway, having successfully avoided being sold into sex slavery.
is quite close to not being an illegal alien in Norway anymore.
come on Bears...
everyone's starin at me feet
er i Stockholm til tirsdag.
er i Stavanger.
no longer the dish washing bitch
RUDY IS COMING AGAIN!!!
jahvid!
har bare tre uker i Norge... :( :(
so much snow!
København
hel dag i biblioteket... fjuck
fjuck x 3.5
Nordea DEATH.
ser på samiske nyheter!!! og skal til en samisk konsert på lørdag! SÁMI
død
RON PAUL FOR NORWAY 2012!!!
motherfucking norwegian bureaucratic bullshit. yet again.
nesten ferdig... :o
is excited to come home but... I don't want to leave Oslo. :(
bruker facebook på SAMISK gahaha
BEARS WIN
ROADY!!!
fjuck
savner Norge...
god jul :D
ONE.
1.5!
kailua
2.5!
så jan thomas!!! hahhahaha
gets to see mama and emmsy in 9 days!
det er samefolkets dag!!! :):)
prøver å lese asbjørnsen og moes samlede eventyr og kan ikke forstå den rare ortografien... og nå føler jeg meg dum
s heart is broken by the Bears. Yet again.
tenker på Norge...
just went to the nordic house in oakland and got biler og kvikk lunsj og solo!!!
narcoleptic
NYC on 8//18!!!!!!!!
My skull is way too sexy with his rabbit ears. His name is *PROPNAME* and was named after *PROPNAME* on Grey's Anatomy.
is very happy with her very first scrubs!!! :D
cooking ?? + ????! >?<
only has $6.78 in her bank account. should I sell my skull?
insomnia. help me! (vodka?)
everything isn't always perfect.
today was a failure. impression was bad. exit quiz was bad. everyone, hand me over your vodka.
I wish we don't have our damn necks.
is affraid of not getting married before she turns 35.
is up all night for no reason..
Dear Chicago, what should I do when I miss you so much? :'(
pulling sequential allnighters + having 2am McDonalds + no time for skin care make-ups + can't stop coughing = a sad fat female zombie-like human being named Soo.
got crazy studying for the midterm.
had gummy worms for snack and thought of arteries and veins. oh my freaking god.
someone get me a ticket to chicago please and i'll love you forever and ever and ever.
is coughing like an old lady a day before her death.
is a happy human being :D
is living life fully.
First Snow in the City and I was out in the snow~!!! .........alone.
Is AT&T really that bad in NY? sprint vs. at&t if not getting verizon? :$
is sick.. again.... :'(
i feel like the only reason i'm here is to develop my test taking skills.
insomnia help...! tips anyone?
Thanksgiving in 2 days but I'm more excited about Christmas already! >< ? ............. damn it....
time to explore some fancy restaurants in the city. yumyum + my mom's $$$$$$$.
1 down. 17 more to go then we finally get to sleep more than 4 hours a day.
is in love with veniero's pastry <3 <3 muah muah
partay. for few hours.
O... M.... G.......!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
got old within last few days and will probably get deteriorated by the end of final exams.
someone motivate me to study plz...
1st semester as a D1 is OFFICIALLY DONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
will work out at least 3 times a week !!!
is :D !
i need to grow up.
I <3 MY LIFE.
I LOVE ANATOMY VERY MUCH
dear weekly quiz, r u F kidding me?
Err:510
butterflies in my stomach :$
chicago for spring break in early march? should i?
i don't feel like studying this semester AT ALL.
~ Can You See? My Eyes Are Shining Bright, 'Cause I'm Out Here On The Other Side Of A Jet Black Hotel Mirror ~
~ *PROPNAME*'s swing dancing equals epic. xD
is back.
really wants a kitten... and I shall name her *PROPNAME*.
is sitting outside in Pennsylvania.
~ the kittens have officially been named. *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*.
is going back to Tennessee.
is back from Impact.
is obsessed with Maple Story again. :P.
has to rewrite a part of her story because she thinks she accidentally deleted it. ):
is sad...
is drawing *PROPNAME*. (*PROPNAME*!)
is going to Pennsylvania tomorrow.
got a hair cut.
wants Sims 3... xD
rearranged her room. Drastically. It's so different now. :D
is boredd.
~ goin' to college.
~ First Mission: Decode - Paramore.
is doin' German homework.
~ Chemistryy is soo hardd!
is going to the pool later.
is writing a Psychology essay.
~ ew, Chemistry.
is done with art and has nothing special going on anymore. ):.
is better, I guess, and finishing up the last Psychology essays.
wants to cut her hair again.
is still finishing homework. On to Algebra II.
is going to art class.
is writing. ~ 50 page mark! ~
wants a keyboard.
is in German classs.
is sick. And also bored. Someone talk to meee...!
starts Psychology tomorrow.
~ haha, *PROPNAME* is awesome. xD
can play Decode on the piano. :D
~ aerobics to Family Force 5? Epic.
~ goin' shopping tomorrow with mah friends :D
is writing essays.
feels rather sickly... ://
~ hahaha, no school.
hates writer's block.
is rearranging her room. :D. Much fun.
~ Mystery Retreat
~ blasting screamo and there's no one to give me a hard time about it. :D
is going to the HOPE game night.
is very bored.
has to take PSATs :(
got charcoals for Christmas :D
made cookies for soldiers. :D
is sitting in my bed with all four cats. Yes, I am just that awesome.
~ 73 pages//15000 words of continuous narrative. Almost ready for another editing phase (*PROPNAME* . . . *PROPNAME* . . .). Now we're getting into the complicated stuff . . . Fun.
is 17 in nine days! (I missed yesterday's count down...)
is already packed. xD
~ German riddles. Fun, fun. :P
~ Merry Christmas :D
~ Christmas in one day. Seventeen in six days.
is seventeen in three days!
has so much to do!
is seventeen. :P.
is 17 in twelve days!
has two kittens! The girl is *PROPNAME* and I need help with the boy... it's between *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, and *PROPNAME*. VOTE!
beat her sister in an arm wrestle. :D
is sad thinking about how her kitties are at home on her bed... alone... xD... poor kitties.
drew a bluebird and is now drawing a seagull.
is in Pennsylvania. :P
~ to the masquerade!
listening to Muse. ?  :D
cut her hair again. Short. Again.
~ grr... school sucks.
played much D&D. Muahaha.
~ CDC latest report: Autism effects 1 in 110 children born each day. 1 in 70 boys. Put this in your status for 1 HOUR if you know someone with AUTISM. Let our children's voices be heard. Here's to 2010 increasing awareness, research and proactively finding answers.
~ What actress do I look like? :o
~ "I can no longer tell the days from the nights. The moon glows an eerie red and I could swear it was covered in blood. What have you all done? What have you all become? A people more concerned with the temporary pleasures of this world rather than your salvation? I am now convinced that this is the end. As I raise my head towards the heavens to take one last look at the moon, the stars begin to fall."
opus 10 no. 1: 10 years in the making ... i'm so happy to finally be able  to play these arpeggios up to speed without feeling like my arm will fall off after the first phrase.
is done .. first real summer break in years.
detox water fast
on vacation 2 weeks to learn statistics. haha
watched a whole bunch of queer movies on youtube. love it
i really miss driers, trader joe's, and whole foods.
day 1 trip planning, bought a very nice travel guide
back to the polonaise fantasie. 4 pages done. at this miserable rate the piece will be ready in a decade.
to Frisco for a day.
marinating a pound of bulgogi. We would need a grill but it is pretty good anyway. Want to try some?
dying for first vietnamese food in years. i could dream of pho tonight
bye bye San Jose
sad to leave San Jose -(
hooked on PBS
really like PBS's The Ascent of Money.
first day PhD applications, forgot how challenging this is.
GRE sorrows
New Woody Allen is genius
when your thesis is on saddle-point model selection and matlab can't find any saddle points, you're in deep ...
high on Scarlatti and Chopin.
Done with 5 apps!
bulgogi turned out tasty after all. congrats to all those with working ovens who roasted a beautiful bird, it's fun hearing your success stories. merry christmas!!
German bureaucracy ... annoying as all hell even from this side of the Atlantic.
saw *PROPNAME* WTC 1, can't wait for the Partitas in March.
Looking forward to Beethoven G Major Concerto tonight!
"we never forget the truth, we only get better at lying to ourselves"
is going into a morphine-induced slumber
is bargin it up north!
broke her forearm, dislocated and sheared her elbow, fractured 3 ribs and lacerated her spleen jumping off a ledge into the san lorenzo river on friday. She'll be on the 2nd floor in dominican hospital rm 2210 until tuesday if anyone wants to keep her com
is so excited to finally get out of the hospital tomorrow!
finally has some legit painkillers, hopefully my metal arm stops hurting soon! for now, i think i'm gonna watch the entire series of Entourage since I still have two days of bed rest. *PROPNAME* can help me back to health anyday ;)
so i dont have to keep typing this evrytime sum1 asks... slipped during a cliff jump, didnt clear the rocks below. sheared the ball joint in my left elbow, dislocated it (compound fracture), compound fracture in my forearm, 3 fractured ribs and lacerated 
is getting much better :D
has a new perspective. Its crazy how close I came to dying on friday.... I'm very happy to be out of the hospital and at my parent's house again. Come visit me! I'm on bed rest 'till Sunday and then only low activity for the next 3 months
woke up in a lot of pain and then hit the morphine button like 6 times... pain's not totally gone but at least its subsided a little
is bored in santa cruz...
s spleen is healing nicely but she still can't feel her fingertips on her left hand. she also wishes the nurses' assistants weren't so incompetent... one helped me to the toilet this morning then left and never came back to help me back into bed (which i
just got the most amazing rainbow tutu and leggings!
is so sick of this hospital and not being able to do things on her own
now takes the storke exit into IV instead of the los carneros exit... weird
is in isla vista without a phone
is gettin ready for Reggae!
mmm... strawberry rhubarb cobbler... mmmm
the heart is a wilderness with beauty and emptiness that you endure 'cause you never can be sure
Commercial narrator: "we're all searching for it. Most of us don't even know what we're looking for. But we all feel it, that unexplainable emptiness that can only be filled by one thing." Then they pan to the stars and the answer appears. Scientology. ri
That is a problem. That is not trusting the nowness properly that what is the actual experience now possesses a lot of powerful things. It is so powerful that we can't face it. Therefore, we have to borrow from the past and invite the future all the time. Maybe that's why we seek religion. Maybe that's why we march in the street. Maybe that's why we complain to society. Maybe that's why we vote for the presidents.
can't sleep because the dog  keeps barking at something in the yard and its kinda freakin me out
rediscovered an old journal and some old poetry of hers and is spending the day pondering who she is and who her real friends are                            ....... bed rest has given me A LOT of time to think lol *<:~)
I find it interesting that I cannot reply to comments on *PROPNAME*'s page without entering my phone number. A neighbor of mine received threatening calls from a conservative group after voicing her opinion at a rally. How they got her number I do not know but I wonder if the same would have happened to me if I entered my number... Scary stuff
"we have to continually be jumping off cliffs and developing our wings on the way down" -*PROPNAME*.
which mustache?!?!
is missing Isla Vista hardcore tonight :( I need an adventure...
is getting everything to work out despite the drastic change in plans
is going to the city tonight even though she's broken! ooo and my cousin drew a pretty pink cupcake on my cast :D
got burned by steak grease and has blisters on her leg :(   I'm just tryin to ignore it but I think the chef owes me a serious sesh (*cough* *PROPNAME* *cough*cough*) hahaha
I think we're walking step in step, But you don't speak your mind. I think I see it in your eyes, but maybe its just a reflection of mine.
Is packing up old baggage, mailing it away to Timbuktu and starting a new day :)
"see, when you forgive your imperfections, and you've auctioned all your clothes, and you look to see your true reflection, you will be the one who loves you the most" -*PROPNAME* "The One Who Loves You the Most"
is getting on her longboard for the first time in 3 months :D !!!!! Now it's time to go around Isla Vista collecting flowers for my new apartment :)
is stoked for West Beach today!!! Too bad its not sunnier... didn't someone tell Santa Barbara its still summer?
both of the towns I live in have been on fire an lot recently :(
is regaining her colors and fitting into her skin again :D
is repairing her very broken math skills one equation at a time
"all we have is hope and love, so don't you worry child, so don't you worry 'bout a thing in the night, for those can lift us up so we can rise, so we can rise above the madness" -*PROPNAME*
is headin downtown for some live music on this lovely sunday afternoon :)
is so stoked to see *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* at the Hollywood Bowl with her lady tonight!!!
is preparing for five days of awesomeness. Hurray for Geo18!
is cuddleing with *PROPNAME*, the cutest puppy EVER!
is living on cloud nine... aka in the Montecito Hills. the house I moved into is insanely beautiful and best of all... its free!!!
has a LONG day in the field tomorrow and then is escaping Isla Vista for the weekend :D
LOVES her Field Fridays and BEER HOUR! Thanks *PROPNAME* for being such a great Beer Czar
is spending her day off watching Dexter instead of being productive like she should be...
is thankful for her quite patio to watch the meteor shower from tonight :) anyone want to join me?
"all we have is hope and love, so don't you worry child, so don't you worry 'bout a thing in the night, for those can life us up so we can rise, so we can rise above the madness" -*PROPNAME*
is anyone home in this ghost town?
is about to go for a thankgiving hike with her family :)
is thankful for a warm fire, good wine and her ladies :D
downtown or international party? hmmm decisions decisions... one thing's for sure, no more studying for tonight :D
can't believe she's leaving the lodge in the morning after two years.... its the end of an era :( *PROPNAME* I love you forever!!!
how can I be expected to work when there is so much fun puddle jumping to be done?
A simple smile can change a day, an understanding look can say "I know exactly how you feel." But we have learned to build our walls, so very strong and very tall, for fear of what the world might steal
had a really stressful day at work but got a $45 tip :) Thank you Microsoft
just finished her last quarter at UCSB. Crazy.
is very happy with her grades and even happier that she didn't spend more time than needed on school this quarter!
come with me, come with me, we'll travel to infinity
folk and tribal arts festival at the museum of natural history, gonna go find some gifts and watch some bellydancing :)
is exhausted but so ready to see her ladies tomorrow!
just got back from the reel rock film show and officially views *PROPNAME* as the biggest badass EVER
is applying for the Peace Corps//Master's International in Civil Engineering!
you don't need no reason nor a three peice suit to argue the truth
is overwhelmed by data... and this is supposed to be a quick, easy lab? I barely even know where to start... my lack of experience is kicking my ass :(
finally got her computer back in shape! Open office, utorrent and skype; now I can actually make use of my computer again!
roast + wine + family + south park = a very happy *PROPNAME*
will not be going on the fall 2009 semester at sea voyage. Doctor's orders. I have never been so devastated in my entire life...
snow snow snow SNOW!!!!!! HERE I COME!!!!
got distracted in Borders for over three hours today... why did they have to put the rhyming dictionary next to the science section? All I wanted was the dictionary but I ended up reading about things from string theory to the genetic destiny of the y-chromosome (apparently men are on the slow but certain path towards extinction...) for most of the afternoon
finished her stats paper and bought her ticket for BRETT DENNEN on the 12th! The world is wonderful again :)  Now I am off to work for the next 8 hours... not so wonderful but oh well
is waging a vendetta against UCSB parking services!
Does anyone have malarone (anti-malaria med) that they don't need?
is overwHelmed with excitement
is headin to the doctor yet again but then Reggae in the Redwoods tonight at the Brookdale Lodge :D
is gettin' on the road, feelin' fine. I'll be back in Isla Vista in no time!
had a great time at the Devil Makes Three new years and now its time to pack for Semester at Sea!!!!
Is in Hawaii, yay!
is in Hawaii yay! No more phone after this... email at arsherrin@semesteratsea.net
received early acceptance to Michigan Tech in Civil Engineering!!!!!!!!!!!!  Now its time for my peace corps application! Get ready world, 'cause here I come!
is in San Diego, boarding the MV explorer tomorrow morning! If you want to follow my voyage, I'm keeping a blog at    http:////sherrinthelove.blogspot.com//
I am once, I am twice, I am the whole, I'm just a slice.
why are my clothes disappearing!!!! =(
ewwwww! grossssssssssssss leave me aloneee. disgustingg.
had a great time yesterday! it was nice seeing everyone <33
is in Italyyyyy
has a lot of bug bites in Italy =(
has period cramps. =(
is coming back to America sooon =)
hahaaaahahahahahaaaahahahahahahahhhaahhahahahahahahahhahahahahhahahahahahhahahahahhahaha.
shame on me. raetjgliajgtjajgaijglajweglkjajga
needs a big hug
changed her status. happpy?
ewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww!!!!
METEOR SHOWER TONIGHT! FML!!!!!!!!!
happy birthday *PROPNAME*! Mommy loves you veryyyy much<3
Boys are like buses, miss one, next one coming!
im getting pimples! whyyyyyyyy =(
i just got home from school and my flies were unzipp the whole time. oops?
i'm going to break my record!!!!!!!!!!!
I sometimes think that some *PROPNAME* bikers are just ASKING to get hit by my car!
i can't motherfucking fall asleep.
who does that motherfucker think he is!!! ajkjsgksjgewl
gloomy cold weather today. I kinda like it. :)
before this quarter ends, i will definitely not break my record...ahahahhaha Just for YOU *PROPNAME*.
omg. SHOOT ME.
so my fortune cookie told me "You and your wife will be happy in your life together" MY WIFE? I always thought I'd be married to a guy? FML!
mmmm beeen feeling quite happpy =))))
last night was. LOL.
SO ugly and tired looking from finalsss, but I'm DONEEE =)
You are the fucking BEST. =)
sold back my school books for $138.75! =)
the weather is SOOO AWESOME!
i hate phillip shing bing long bong shalong ma!
sooo many sidedishes like korean food.
a Lion will never cheat on his wife, only a Tiger Wood. LOL.
every KISS begins with a "K" every UGLY begins with a "U"
nothing gives you a better night sleep than nyquil =)
is watching Gossip Girl. This may mean I've failed to acquire taste.
MJ died :(
wants sleep
is going to the lone star ruby conf. in August!
Salvador Dali's distorted clocks were inspired by melting cheese. I'll never eat a grilled cheese sandwich the same way again.
I find it funny that I keep clicking on unfamiliar names and wondering "When did I friend this person?" and until I realize they got married.
thinks ice is the best puppy treat ever
puppy training classes then UGA football weee
wine + cheese + teebow's tears == fun
enjoying the latest Imogen Heap album
is in Atlanta
spending a night with 9 IBM programmers feels like a chapter out of Microserfs.
will miss Stadler.
I :heart ruby
made spicy coconut soup mmm
back in Austin
just watched Back to the Future for the first time
Who needs Twitter when you have Facebook?
New Guitar Hero = Freeeeeeeeebiiiiiiiiiird!
4 publications in 10 years, yo I can divide// That's one every let's say two, two of them shits was due// One was - NAHHH, the other was in the Journal of Mathematics// That's a one hot publication every ten year average// And that's so - LAAAAAAAME!
BET Awards tonight at 8
My personality spans, too numerous  A gentleman, intelligent, athletic, a thug and I'm humorous
*PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, and *PROPNAME*: 3 great men doing great things in 2009.
Can Obama will the US to victory over Brazil Sunday?
Ok, who wants to go to LA with me Tuesday for the MJ memorial service?
After 3 tracks of Illmatic in the car today, my grandma turns to me and says "Turn off this noise and put on Michael Jackson!"  Priceless
lamborghini murcielago
Off to Cornell for a week of probability.
Goodbye *PROPNAME*.
Im serious, I have an extra ticket for the MJ funeral.  Who wants to go?
Take me to a place without no name
Does anyone know where I can find the firefighter's test from the *PROPNAME* case that is causing *PROPNAME* so much consternation.
Forget fireworks, I want to see the *PROPNAME* funeral.
Im sort of half expecting MJ to come dancing out of the hospital singing Thriller
Off to Orlando for the weekend
BET Awards Sunday at 8.  I will not forget this year.
loves hiding uninteresting people on his newsfeed.
"Im going to University of Maryland, but I spent the summer at HARVARD." ~ Adweeb
Flight delayed 2 hrs , but Orlando Intl Airport has free wireless!
Off to see whats left of the Beach Boys (I go white one day a year)
Get around round round I get around Still down with the Underground When I come around
time to swim
Going surfing with *PROPNAME*
"Why is America like Michael Jackson?  Both achieved their peaks with a moonwalk performed decades ago" ~ *PROPNAME*
Today at the gym I saw on TV that Michael Jackson was dead.  I was so shook up I couldn't keep working out.  Also, I will do anything to skip dumbell lifts.  They really suck.
Ready for Summerfest!
*PROPNAME* was not as cool as I thought he would be.
15
It's all about control and if you can take it.
One is apt to overestimate beauty when it is rare ~ *PROPNAME*
could only gaze on *PROPNAME* from afar today at Disney World:(
Off to Chi-town for some Information Theory
It is time to return to Hogwart
There are too many imitation *PROPNAME*'s on Facebook.
I wanna do bad things to you...
Only engineer to rewrite history without a pen// No RFID on my Mac, let the story begin....begin...begin
Nothin's equivalent to a New York state of mind.
Back in Boston finally.
*PROPNAME* wrote that "pure democracy" doesn't work because "there is nothing to check... an obnoxious individual." Then, in the margins, he doodled a picture of *PROPNAME* the Plumber.
I will show you *PROPNAME*'s birth certificate when you show me *PROPNAME*'s high school diploma.
This year for Eid I want to see my Muslim president on all the morning talk shows at once.
Just got the new *PROPNAME* album!
Ok change of plans again, and back to Gekko.
An evening with Gorden Gecko.
In LA
Actually most people on Twitter are old Republicans who don't know how to use Facebook or who are morally opposed to "poking" strangers.
Cant a man enjoy his Nobel Peace Prize for a day?  Just for a DAY!?
Headache
*PROPNAME*
Change of plans: an evening with *PROPNAME* instead.
And now it is time for the Yankees to break the curse of bin Laden.
is hooked on Katamari
Arab money ready to go
And finally, thanks to capitalism, the curse of bin Laden is broken.  GO YANKEES!  Now let's rebuild those towers and get out of Afghanistan.
In 2 years went from *PROPNAME* to *PROPNAME*...
is going to learn Japanese.
Ugggh, why did I eat those donuts?  Never again!
will not be compromised by some puny prodigal pathetic pitiful pusillanimous putrid punk from Bangladesh
Jay-Z in a tux at the American Music Awards... Priceless
Happy Eidsgiving
"I don't have to explain anything to you solecistic amoebas" ~ *PROPNAME*
Shippin off to Vancouver
Happy Birthday 40th Jay-Z!
will boycott any sponsor pulling their Tiger Woods advertising.  Gillette, Gatorade, you've been put on notice.
*PROPNAME* is going to NY for her next concert on Nov. 22nd
*PROPNAME* makes me wanna be a Republican.
RIP *PROPNAME*
Tomorrow, we snowboard.
has just finished watching the Wire, and it was awesome.
Senator *PROPNAME* reminds me of Senator *PROPNAME*, but considerably more treacherous.
In KABUUUUUUUUUUL! Desert city bringin down empires There's nothin we can do  Now we're in KABUUUUUUUUUUUUL! The streets will make you feel so screwed No hope cuz we're all doomed Let's here it for KABUL, KABUL, KABUUUUUUUL!
We got 60!
*PROPNAME* is coming back to the WWE
*PROPNAME* is gorges.
Forgive me for what I am about to do tonight.
I need the wisdom of a wise Latina.
Hot 97 is finally streaming online.  Sweet.
Me, I'm doin business and no one ain't ever seen us//  If Jay-Z payin' *PROPNAME*, Im payin *PROPNAME*
Greed, for lack of a better word, is gy.
will NOT under any circumstances attend a Spring Weekend concert headlined by Dashboard Confessional.
Do it for *PROPNAME*...
Congratulations *PROPNAME* on your new baby!
reading the Holy Klor'an
We got your back Harry "Healthcare" Reid
just bought some 1500 thread sheets
is in a Bangla State of Mind
*PROPNAME* should have thanked *PROPNAME* in her Grammy speech
Hot: *PROPNAME* is an awesome TA.
Will someone PLEASE explain to me why everyone thinks *PROPNAME* is so awesome?  I mean if you put *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, or *PROPNAME* on all of my songs, they would sound just as good, if not better.
I have 6 cliques in my Facebook network.
Just sewed on my first button.
Dunk contest was lame this year.  Everything the Knicks touch dies.
A vegetarian delight
can't wait for the ex x-box
chose cake
Kindergarten report cards
The State (on DvD Tues)
Only theater in the area is in Chicago....
"I have a $1.57 and a nickel"
thinking of enlisting
anxious boredom fatigue
Anyways back to DR...
You can not have my blood
L5R
Perseid Meteor Shower
Anyone interested in going to Summerfest?
I have to admit SWtOR has one awesome trailer
"We know nothing about their language, their history or what they look like. But we can assume this: they stand for everything we don't stand for. Also they told me you guys look like dorks!"
#NAME?
#NAME?
Sometimes I think a Busou Renkin cosplay would be hilarious, then I stop and remember Papillon
I do not understand my fascination with horoscopes
Error
has to wonder if West Allis is still manufacturing bomb parts
"I've always loved the flirtatious tango of consonants and vowels, the sturdy dependability of nouns and capricious whimsy of verbs, the strutting pageantry of the adjective and the flitting evanescence of the adverb, all kept safe and orderly by those re
Even at such a young age, I understood the weight of the World
I am fresh *PROPNAME*
I think I need a new Spirit Animal
If anyone is going to be on campus, please contact me (Preferably by text).
Hands on the Bible
Sweet tendrils grasp at my breath. Enticing wisps of freedom.  Euphoria escapes in an exhalation
Finally Feels like Fall
Cat Nap
I am a somewhat Dark//Morbid Individual, and yet Nana makes me cringe...
"It's like turning air into gold"
"Thoughts meander like a restless wind inside a letter box, they tumble blindly as ..."
fml
Looking for the light at the end of the tunnel
As a side note: this is some Delicious Mac & Cheese!
Delicious new gaming material
This cat will not leave me alone...
No one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick. If you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day.
So many good movies
Philosophical Sundays
Insomnia gets things done
People should learn to leave messages...
...And I Sleep
From Anomynous: "These vampires need to either get naked or die"
Storm Clouds and Dirty Windows
http:////www.gametrailers.com//video//this-is-dragon-age//58530
Sleep is for Suckas
No one in ZOMBIELAND should die because they cannot afford a chainsaw, and no one should go broke because they get bit. If you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day.
Just one of those days
Does my insomnia breed mania or does my mania quell my fatigue?
want's to have my cake and eat it too.  Also, a prize hidden in the center.
Finally watching season 4 of Lost
Farscape is 10 years old...
"You can't blame Mad Scientists for doing mad science"
There be a baker's dozen of Turkeys in my backyard
Fine weather for a walk
in an unusual music mood
is a Fool but also a Dreamer
"The Queen says no to pot smoking FBI members"
Was not aware of the streaming video at the ECA meeting last night....
"On the Radio" is playing on the radio.  *insert ever so slight chuckle*
You would think by now I would have learned to not answer the door, when Insomnia knocks
Back into playing DDO.  Anyone interested in joining in hit me up on aim
I think I just dreamt about trade and commerce...
Technical Difficulties.  Please Standby
Lets make the most of this Year
Anyone participating in Allods Online Closed Beta?
Can't Sleep, clown will eat me
I think I need a new MMO...
Fear and panic in the air
boar dumb
To Campus!
Sleeping children fear not for the Sun brings a new day
Like a madman laughing at the rain. A little out of touch, a little insane
"I think of myself as an intelligent, sensitive human being with the soul of a clown which always forces me to blow it at the most important moments."
And now I am covered in glitter...
And sweating like demons they scream through our speakers But we leave the sound on 'cause silence is harder
“Being drunk is a good disguise. I drink so I can talk to assholes. This includes me.”
If there's no one beside you when your soul embarks. Then I'll follow you into the dark
Tasty Tasty *PROPNAME*
Good Times Were Had
All Hail the king of dunces. You best hold on I am opening up my mouth
Something Note Worthy
techno colored beats
Really do not care for my hyper metabolism
Prisoner by my own design
"Really? You have to remind yourself to raise American Spirits?"
is Sick and blames You
La Dee Dee 1 2 3 *PROPNAME* the Half a Bee
Still need to see Across the Universe
"Friends can help each other. A true friend is someone who lets you have total freedom to be yourself - and especially to feel. Or, not feel. Whatever you happen to be feeling at the moment is fine with them. That's what real love amounts to - letting a person be what he really is."
ROAR
is well and festive and taking advantage of summer.
I love *PROPNAME*
is on his way to a wedding in the beautiful Peace Garden State.
is looking through West to East.
needs to take fewer joys for granted
is variably responsible
is disorganized and excited for a weekend wedding adventure
is watching the Perseid meteor shower the next two nights.
is spending the holiday drifting down the Huron.
can smell school approching
was chased by veloceraptors for a good hour, at least.
passed a family of ducks, two squirrels, a chipmunk, a raccoon, and a bassoonist on his way to the laundry room.
prioritizes the human over the applied, with mixed results.
stretched
is water-shedding it up and bonfireing it down.
celebrated dusk with the bats of *PROPNAME*
is designing a mausoleum.  Go Halloween.
spent Monday night in a plie of leaves, 150 feet above Lake Superior.
grows less responsible with time.
needs to work on discipline, decisiveness, and time.
spent the evening in an awesome blanket fort, has a thanksgiving potluck tonight, birthday dinner tomorrow, and crazy Canadian adventure over the weekend :D
Thank you, all, for you birthday wishes, and may the holiday bring you peace.
, unexpectedly, really enjoys waking up insanely early to work.
While we might get two, the west coast will get 6 to 9, and my jealousy of Lake Effect Snows grows ever greater.
the Leonid meteor shower, with up to 5000 meteors a night this year, is peaking Monday night from roughly 11 pm until 4 am on Tuesday  :-D
will be fighting with computers continuously for at least the next week.
in the final throes of Archland
is always surprised at how many building materials are made from cyanide, formaldehyde, and uric acid.
just wants to be settled in a great many things.
has had an amazing and adventurous holiday, full of games and leftovers and hitchhiking.
is glad to be.
argh.
is full up of memories of forested shrines, crashing beaches, and one very long, very windy road.
is Monsterballin' (*PROPNAME* is awesome!), then off to a weekend of rockin' out with siblings and relaxing in giant blanket forts.
is settling down for the end of an amazing summer.
is work, school, firepit, Manhattan, school.
is back to school
has three bucks, two bags, one me.
Should get in to Ithaca sometime before morning, and spend the rest of the weekend with amazing people and eccentric 3D models.
is jittery over tchnological complexity and impending deadlines.
necesito TODOS los negativos POSIBLES de fotos... si tienen plzzzz démenlos!!
I'm a victim of my own insides. There was a time when I wanted to know everything...It used to make me very unhappy, all that feeling. I just didn't know what to do with it. But now I've learned to make that feeling work for me. I'm full of emotion and I 
MATO a *PROPNAME*!
ENTRÉ!!!!!!!!!! :)....
foto editing day
feria del queso en Turrialba...arooo
may you be in heaven half an hour before the devil knows your dead...
may you be in heaven half an hour before the devil know your dead...
pintando ojos...
"Hippy is an establishment label for a profound, invisible, underground, evolutionary process. For every visible hippy, barefoot, beflowered, beaded, there are a thousand invisible members of the turned-on underground. Persons whose lives are tuned in to 
amando el clima! happenstance
and so it goes...
We are drowning in information but starved for knowledge. -*PROPNAME*
dem gracias a todos los que vinieron, me ayudaron dem!!!! *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME* y *PROPNAME* gratcie por tocar  y poner todO! son exitosos...
15 minutes of fame: 18 de *PROPNAME*
By allowing all of life's colors to penetrate us, we become more integrated...
“Feelings are not supposed to be logical. Dangerous is the man who has rationalized his emotions.” *PROPNAME*
lunes día de trabajo....
i am a chinese hippie
“It is only too true that a lot of artists are mentally ill- it's a life which, to put it mildly, makes one an outsider. I'm all right when I completely immerse myself in work, but I'll always remain half crazy.” *PROPNAME*
“Follow your heart, but be quiet for a while first. Ask questions, then feel the answer. Learn to trust your heart.”
http:////www.youtube.com//watch?v=K3LF-cTzkWU
playitaaaa...!!! video week
…The photograph should be more interesting or more beautiful than what was photographed...  ---*PROPNAME*.
thinks that no one should be afraid to go to the doctor because they can't afford it, no one should go broke because they get sick, and no one should die because they could not afford care. If you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day.
“It is not because the truth is too difficult to see that we make mistakes... we make mistakes because the easiest and most comfortable course for us is to seek insight where it accords with our emotions - especially selfish ones.” *PROPNAME*
Distance tests a horse's strength. Time reveals a person's character....
"Would you like me to give you a formula for success? It’s quite simple, really. Double your rate of failure. You are thinking of failure as the enemy of success. But it isn’t at all. You can be discouraged by failure or you can learn from it, So go ahead and make mistakes. Make all you can. Because remember that’s where you will find success." – *PROPNAME*
tengo dem problemas...
“Thoughts are the shadows of our feelings - always darker, emptier and simpler.” -Nietzsche
whom that i know and have not seen in agesss lives in NY city???? flying in this coming saturday and shall be staying for a week!! :)
You can't always get what you want. But if you try, sometimes you'll find what you need. -Rolling Stones
“Be the change you want to see in the world.”
The creative is the place where no one else has ever been. You have to leave the city of your comfort and go into the wilderness of your intuition. What you'll discover will be wonderful. What you'll discover is yourself.     -*PROPNAME*
MOMA al fin... union square and such...shoe shopping...
....Soy un aprensivo, me sigue la enfermedad, soy un tío vivo, soy un tipo de verdad. Soy caro cuando hay vicio, soy igual desde el principio y hasta el final es lo que tengo, es lo que hay, tengo una paja mental, que ya no sé de qué va....
NY is the BEST!
MIL gratci a TODOS por las congratulations :)
To be nobody but yourself in a world which is doing its best, night and day, to make you everybody else means to fight the hardest battle which any human being can fight; and never stop fighting. ~e.e. cummings
o be nobody but yourself in a world which is doing its best, night and day, to make you everybody else means to fight the hardest battle which any human being can fight; and never stop fighting.   ~e.e. cummings
Yuppie (short for "young urban professional" or "young upwardly-mobile professional") [1] is a 1980s and early 1990s term for financially secure, upper-middle class young people in their 20s and early 30s.  [2]. Although its first usage was as a media catchphrase, it eventually became somewhat derogatory in nature.
QUIERO Nicaragua y el ghetto otra vezz!!!! sonambulear por San Juan del Sur...
“A veces uno es manantial entre rocas y otras veces un árbol con las últimas hojas. Pero hoy me siento apenas como laguna insomne con un embarcadero ya sin embarcaciones una laguna verde inmóvil y paciente conforme con sus algas sus musgos y sus peces, sereno en mi confianza confiando en que una tarde te acerques y te mires, te mires al mirarme….”
"Self-observation brings man to the realization of the necessity of self-change. And in observing himself a man notices that self-observation itself brings about certain changes in his inner processes. He begins to understand that self-observation is an instrument of self-change, a means of awakening.” ---alguien
domingo de descanso total
No soporto al artista cuya principal motivación sea la provocación. Creo que los grandes provocadores lo son sin proponérselo...         -Pedro Almodovar
TALLER TRIPARTITO PRENDAS NUEVAS A LA VENTA.... vestidos, camisas y pantalones! ABIERTO DE 11am - 8pm LUNES - SABADO!
“I do not fear failure. I only fear the "slowing up" of the engine inside of me which is pounding, saying, "Keep going, someone must be on top, why not you?" ---*PROPNAME*
“Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyze you, they're supposed to help you discover who you are.”
KAP BAMBINO YAYYYYYYY!
HOY ArTCitY TOUR pasa por CasaTripartito, nuevas prendas Tripartito+performance por la PieldeNaranjayLaQuince + EXPO CARLOS DE PAZ celebrando 15 años de unión con *PROPNAME* Galería.... Cierre en el Bar Steinvorth!
en montevideo donde rodri que es un amor.... a ver a dani y ern.... con los umpis :)
montevideo es lo MAS!
stress-free... finally
FELIZ AÑÑOOOO TODOSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@ BUENOS AIRES: ARGENTINA :)
últimos días en buenos aires..... jardínes, warhol, cuero, y más carne!
“When we are debating an issue, loyalty means giving me your honest opinion, whether you think I'll like it or not. Disagreement, at this stage, stimulates me. But once a decision has been made, the debate ends. From that point on, loyalty means executing the decision as if it were your own.”
feliz navidad a todossss.... @ aeropuerto Lima
Disobedience, in the eyes of anyone who has read history, is man's original virtue. It is through disobedience that progress has been made, through disobedience and through rebellion. --oscar wilde
14 de marzo: GAURA MANTRA FEST: JACOB KARPIO GALERIA
...Los amorosos andan como locos  porque están solos, solos, solos,  entregándose, dándose a cada rato,  llorando porque no salvan al amor.... -*PROPNAME* (se me había olvidado la poesía, gracias jess)
whitney museum.... media biblioteca... mañana MOMA, Union Square...
---I wanted a perfect ending. Now I've learned, the hard way, that some poems don't rhyme, and some stories don't have a clear beginning, middle, and end. Life is about not knowing, having to change, taking the moment and making the best of it, without kn
jazz is so pleasant :).... bliss
“Men are like a fine wine. They all start out like grapes, and it's our job to stomp on them and keep them in the dark until they mature into something you'd like to have dinner with.”  *PROPNAME* quotes
Press on- nothing can take the place of persistence. Talent will not; nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent. Genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. Education will not; the world is full of educated derelicts. Perseverance and determination alone are omnipotent. *PROPNAME*
Colors, like features, follow the changes of the emotions.
Insanity in individuals is something rare - but in groups, parties, nations and epochs, it is the rule.
....Que no te falte capacidad, para discernir el mas aca, del confuso mas alla, que es realidad aparte.....  --(bunbury)
I, not events, have the power to make me happy or unhappy today. I can choose which it shall be. Yesterday is dead, tomorrow hasn't arrived yet. I have just one day, today, and I'm going to be happy in it. -----Grouch Marx
Morality, like art, means drawing a line someplace. ---Oscar Wilde
Everything is fine until it isn’t. And then you deal with it.
“If one dream should fall and break into a thousand pieces, never be afraid to pick one of those pieces up and begin again.” --*PROPNAME*,
insomnia... :-
had the worst surf session of my life!
just got 16 orders all at once. sick.
is beat!
drove over 250miles throughout LA!! Just for work orders today. Sick.
whats up with real estate REO agents lately?? they need to take the arrogance-stick out of their buttocks.
you down for some party bus action this friday to dive bars around the beach? let me know asap.
best week of surf, worst week for the company. dunno how to feel bout that.
taking the rest of the day off.
longest day ever and tomorrow will be worse. super!
at the beach... then work. priorities.
3 days in a row of super fun surf!!!... should prob work sometime this week.
hungry. fee me.
depression... day before 26. lame
still feeling it
off to work! lame.
had the biggest week in my company's history and its only Tuesday! yay! www.cdmpropertypreservation.com
on my way to berkeley!!!! cheese board here i come:)
off to work, then to surf.
buying my flight to hawaii... yes, that is right brian. 7 days. that translates to getting a job as a cabana boy and never coming back to the mainland.
need new clients!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
going to surf, eat no ka oi, then work.
wants the webber mini fish!!! looks so good.
happy hour = bad idea.
is moving to spain!!! no, new zealand. yay. come visit.
off to see COMPANY OF THIEVES. pumped to slay later.
still hungover!! but well worth it.
partyin HB side with tools and my friends.
back to school. on the path to becoming a Physician assistant.
cmon weekend! good shit on the way. ooo oooooo.
Cannot find episode 13 season 1 of MAD MEN!!! what the frick internet!
driving to the LBC.
afi out today. yay
Going to Laughlin???
still dont get the point of the GRE.... who made up these fn words?
frustrated and need motivation!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
surfing sloat in the AM. yay!
dexter is so money
served.
just finished glassing my broken board and im high as shit from the resin. feels wrong.
surf, then continue trying to slay the GRE.
start my new life on monday.
forgot the most important paperwork for tomorrow in LA!!! #@#!@!#R#%#!!!!
it's unpatriotic and Terrorist-embracing to do anything but praise the President like some sort of college cheerleader... Calling people unpatriotic and comparing them to Terrorists for failing to fulfill their solemn duty to praise the President on his Special Day and mindlessly support his accolades isn't clever or tough politics.  It's weak, counter-productive, unprincipled, dumb and dangerous. --*PROPNAME*.
glad i got the flu vaccination. $30 to feel like i have the flu. well spent.
sooooo spent! sleep.
actually excited to be up this early!
would be nice to get some good surf without having to drive allllll the way south; i mean it is my bday.
obama won the Nobel Peace Prize!!!! LAAAAAAAAMMMME!
need to go back to sleep!!!!!!!!!!
has an extra tiger army ticket for this weekend 10//24. $26.
is now trained in changing adult diapers, moving from gurney to bed, and bathing patients. one more step closer to my MPA!!
i dont get it. baseball is super boring.
Just bought my three nights in San Fan! *PROPNAME*.
anyone have any good vocab tricks for memorizing GRE words?!!!! or stuff they can email me?
has an extra Company of Thieves ticket for tomorrow night at the HOB. Lemme know if you want it!! $30
best surf in a while. cant stop smiling. whos going tomorrow?
cannot focus on my exam!!!!!
usc can lick my balls
have an extra Tiger Army ticket for tomorrow night in Hollywood.
T minus 5 years and ill be done with my masters... ill be old too.
anyone wanna surf in the am.... after 10???????!
bout to surf under the golden gate!... before the surf is too huge. hi erik. im sitting next to you; wanna get breakfast?
practicing patient assessment on my mom's daycare kids is more difficult than i thought. haha
The new MUSE is intense! DUcks game 2nite. yay putos.
off to san fran.
anyone know of a place where I can take a condensed organic chem class??
start "insanity" tomorrow. eek.
better ace my exam considering i missed the best day of surfing in a long ass time!!!! so mad right now.
red wings blow
whos in SF and is going out tonight?
going out for the first time in a loong time and my only chance for a long time.
iTunes is soooo bad! im going broke.
cant believe the Ducks traded Pronger! Morons.
last trauma exam tomorrow! ooo ooooo!
surf was amazing this morning. sooooooooo ready for life now.
class 8am - 5pm! snap son.
Gosh darn it!!!! I just saw a group of 5 Jehovah’s witnesses outside my neighbor's house!! That means they are on the way to my house! they saw me get something from my car so they know im home; now im going to have to argue with them.
Practice question for my EMT exam "its early afternoon and the alarm sounds You are called to a scene at a railroad one of the workers is trapped between 2 cars. He is alert and tells you that as soon as the cars are moved he will die. He asks that you leave him alone with his wife and to do nothing heroic. which emotional response to death is your patient exhibiting?" ...uhhhhh how intense is that?!
just bought some rad GRE test prep supplies. Super excited.
final EMT exam and skill exam this week!!! eeeeek.
frick! my chem class is filled up already and i need it or the next two years of my life is messed up!!!!!
damnit ducks!!! WIN SOMETHING!!!
c'mon! couldnt there be a LITTLE SURF on my one day off!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Tiger Army and Bleedning Through! FriggnA
i am thankful for yams.
http:////www.hulu.com//watch//67878//the-future-of-food?c=News-and-Information
have an extra Company of Thieves ticket for next tuesday's show. who wants to go?
2-3 times overhead with occasional 18 ft.and fair to good conditions.
bored and over reading about emergency medicine... this shit can be depressing as hell!!!!
anyone have extra tickets to the rise against show?
the new dexter was bulllshit!!! cant kill rita!!! im seriously sad.
being sick is the cooolest.
going to the AFI rise against show tonight.  I have 2 extra tickets call me if you wanna buy them 714 612 0723.
freakin beat and super hungry.
God, i love the Onion.
passed the national EMT exam; off to find a JOB!!! yaaaaay for money.
mmm, just planned vegas 2009. 23 days and counting.
howard zinn's a people's history of the united states is debuts sunday night and is showing at UCLA tomorrow. Whos coming with me?
hahah wheeler hall is under siege
arrrr!!!!!!!!!!! my only day off and NO surf.
off to RISE AGAINST with gman and blade. you will find us in the parking lot drinking the sparks. you know youre jealous.
off to colorado!!!
so sick kill me now
arrrrrrrr why did they cancel TRAUMA!?
finishing two work orders today then camping tonight and surfing alllll day tomorrow! holler!
has extra tickets to KROQ almost accoustic Xmas... lemme know if u want them.
yay! just got assigned to the Emergency Department for my next rotation at HOAG. super pumped.
start my Emergency Department training tomorrow!! Oo, OOO!
packing for the move back to berkeley. so pumped for some cheeseboard.
total cost for books $310 via school website. I paid $44 for ALL of them on Amazon. How rad is that?!
finally found the chem class that i need!!! its in oakland... just enrolled and get to move back to Berkeley!!!!!!!!
wants to be rich!!!!!!!!!!!!!! filthy. c'mon lotto...
needs some surf!!
so pumped to be moving back to berk!!1 oo, ooooooo!!!
fn bored!!! hi east bay!! where are my old friends??? im hanging out with a chem book all day. and to make things worse, there are no waves anywhere... losing my mind.
has an extra ticket to the Ducks// Sharks game tonight. section203 row M... only the best seats in the house. $26!! Plus you get to sit by me.
online traffic school is exciting.
if you know anyone that works for an ambulance company in the east bay, let me know!!!
c'mon ducks! kill it! i wanna do you
scored a rad position at HOAG hospital as a Clinical Care Extender. On my way to a masters in PA science! holler.
so happy to live in a country where you pay for your education. grand idea!
first day in the ER tomorrow. intense!
on my way to berkeley... im broke need to find an EMT job asap. Sent me $$$. thanks
chemistry is like being punched in the brain.
EMT exam has got me stressssssssing!!!!! ahhhhhhhh. too much crap
can decided whether to be on the USA side or the CAN side for hockey??? leaning canada....
is attic apartment and tornado don't mix...the question is where to take cover?
is wondering why it's not sunny.
Grand slam D *PROPNAME*!!!!
has successfully completed scuba dives 1 and 2!
canoeing during a severe thunderstorm with hail...not a good idea.
Is packed and ready to go to San Francisco//Napa Valley!
is let the San Francisco adventure begin!
No one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick. If you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day. Nor should people be forced to go without insurance because the cost of... "insuring" oneself is more than their cost of living.
Go Hawkeyes!
Is now a certified scuba diver!
Go HAWKS!!! Survived the cold and pulled out a win!
is boycotting the 30% chance of rain//snow on Saturday.
is headed to India over winter break!
Oh tetanus shot, why must you hurt so much?!
will be tailgating at the Iowa game...no rain please!
Go Hawks! Ranked 9th!
Hawkeyes you almost killed me tonight! Thank god we won!
2 classes down...one essay to go. Almost done for the semester!
is wishing I didn't have to proctor an exam at 7:30 am on Monday...I hate mornings.
Harry Potter was excellent!
is done with her fifth semester of graduate school!
just got the oral typhoid vaccine and wonders how many people actually read the informational sheet provided.  I think their references are a little outdated.
is happy to have a new, working laptop.
The only good thing about the 11 hour bus ride from Chennai to Madurai...we didn't die...despite the multiple attempts by the bus driver. Surprisenly we didn't hit any dogs, pedestrians, bicycles, motos, cars or trucks...very surprising.
Wonders why the president is wearing a White Sox coat?
I was attacked by a monkey today on the way to Kodaikanal. Luckly he bit my jeans and not my leg since I hear the rabies shot is not a lot of fun.
Go Iowa!
was handed a random baby at the Temple today for a photo opt...Happy Pongal.
is starting the long process of heading home.
is glad the Hawks won even if I was out in rural India and couldn't watch the game.
purchased my first sari and is wearing it to the New Year's party tonight.
Dear Iowa Winter, you win.
Laissez le bon temps rouler!
thinks that it is impossible to be TOO heavenly minded. Watch. Those who are "too heavenly minded" will do the greatest good here.
A prospering tree does not eat it's own fruit. A prospering tree produces fruit that others might eat.
"knowledge without repentance will be but a torch to light your way to hell"
Hallelujah! Hallelujah! Holy! Holy! Are you Lord God almighty! Worthy is the Lamb, worthy is the Lamb that was slain! Unto you be all glory and honor and praise! May my life bring glory to your name :)
is praying hard to be just one who scatters seed on the earth.
wonders at the absolute absurdity of man's hatred...Christ summed up all the goodness we are capable of in two commands...none of us even follows just one of them.
says happy fathers day! In honor of my heavenly Father, who's never forsaken me or let me down. May you ever be praised, Dad :)
Is going completely insane with anticipation :) T-minus 24 hours til *PROPNAME*'s arrival in Nashville!
God is faithful to His word and to those to whom He has given it
An awakening? Lord awaken the sleeper. Let our eyes burst open to the rising light of Your Spirit. Let Your mercy wash us and let Your holiness mold us into the image of Your Son. Break us with fire and build us from the ashes. Come to life you dry, old b
An awakening? Lord awaken the sleeper. Let our eyes burst open to the rising light of Your Spirit. Let Your mercy wash us and let Your holiness mold us into the image of Your Son. Break us with fire and build us from the ashes. Come to life you dry, old b
Whatever good I do comes not from me. Goodness is of God, and through me He chooses to make His power known. Thank You, Lord.
is being conformed to the image of Christ. Do you want to be like Jesus? Then you must learn something...you must learn how to love someone who does not meet the conditions. It's not easy, but it's not impossible.
Lord let your glory fall as on that ancient day. Let it fall on both of them. Let your grace be made known eternally and mightily.
When paul says "I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me"...I think, "I can do nothing without You, dear Jesus, who strengthens me"
hungers and thirsts for righteousness.
Truly knows so little. Thank You, Oh Lord, that You are wise and You are mighty. Thank You, Lord, that Your grace knows no limits or bounds. I pray You're will be done here on earth as it is in heaven and that we give You glory with our lives.
is. Learning to be at peace and just be is harder than it should be ;). Lord you are. You just ARE. Teach me to be like you. Teach me to be.
will gladly boast in his weaknesses. When I am weak, then He is strong. Your might, oh Lord is endless. Please cover over me. Please cover over your beloved..Lest we  all fall in overwhelming shame under the weight of our imperfections.
let me be one who leans on his staff in the last days...broken and weak, and in that weakness let me lift my hands in honor and praise to He who saved me by His own merit. Thank You dear Father who makes His goodness known in me. May You be glorified.
is a tax collector who standing afar off would not even raise his eyes to heaven. I pray, "God, be merciful to me, a sinner."
stop regarding men. What account is he? --isaiah 2:22.. We are nothing more than a nose-full of breath. Oh man, how frail are you? Why do you expect regard? Why do I?
is a deer panting for your living water. I thirst for the living God and in my thirst I need your rest. Precious Lord, carry me for even at my strongest I lack the strength to stand on my own. Amen
Gimme your eyes for just one second. Gimme your eyes so I can see. Everything that I keep missin, gimme your love for humanity. Gimme your arms for the broken-hearted, the ones that are far beyond my reach...
Jesus. You're the lover of my soul. Jesus. I will never let you go. You've taken me from the mirey place; set my feet upon the rock, and now I know...
is excited her :D For serious, that's all i can think about
Because you, oh Lord, are He who created all things, sustains all things, and knows all things. All things came from you, are of you, and will return unto your breast from whence they came. Blessing and honor and glory to you, oh Father. This is the song of my spirit...praising its origin. You. My God.
is excited to see her :D For serious, that's all i can think about
Lord, be my portion. Christ trusted you to provide all the help He ever needed. Let me do the same.
loves being broken. It means I fought hard and didn't give up. I'll wrestle with you, oh God of Jacob, and I won't let go.
thinks its a kind of non-funny cosmic joke that if he really ever does defeat pride...he will find himself proud of his humility. :P Good call *PROPNAME*
Let me know you more deeply and truely, oh Lord. There are none who know you completely, and so I pray that YOU show me. Your ways are perfect and I want my life to sing your praise. Let me walk with love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, gentleness, and self-control. Against such things there is no law.
Dude, I'm freaking engaged! To the sweetest angel of a fiance ever! Thank you Lord for your love through this woman :D
I love *PROPNAME* 0:)
is anxiously attached. I don't know how to ask for help. And I don't know how to accept it. ---i'll drag my own intestines back to dyer, thank you very much.
"hope in a wasteland of faith; stone figures hewn down; blood flowing through ancient sewers"
I can't remember when the earth turned slowly...so i'll just wait here with the lights turned out again. I lost my place, but I can't stop this story. I'll find my way, but til then I'm only...spinning
Lord please bless our time together. Its so difficult to go so long without being with the treasure You have graced my life with. I pray that you bring her to me safely and that I pursue her well.
This will probably take a good long while to get used to :) I think I'm still in shock. Haha. I have a fiance. Wow. And not just any fiance; I am pursuing the pearl of great value :D
Everlasting, Eternal One, Zealous Conqueror, Creator, Sustainer, Almighty...how can I appeal to your highest pleasure. What can I bring to you that you do not already have? Vanity. Even to define my mission as one to bring you glory is utter foolishness. What can I lift up with these dirty hands? What can I sing with defiled lips?
is waiting on the Lord this morning
To understand how ridiculously excited I am to see my fiance, you must first win the lottery, do somersaults, run a hundred miles effortlessly, wake up to birds chirping, eat a super-yummy meal, and be addicted to oxygen...then you might get close to scratching the surface. Maybe
is examining himself. 2 Cor 13:5. Testing himself to see if he is in the faith. Work out your salvation with fear and trembling for it is God who works in you to will and to act according to His good purpose. Phillipians 2:12-13
we're goin down down in an earlier round...a loaded god complex is pointed right at us. Lord, please be God here. Please bless our hearts of love
bring on this semester :) What fun things will I learn?? Only God knows :) ..someone's always missing from this campus though.. last term without her...sigh*
is with his darling...oh what simple things many take for granted. Thank you Lord for your gift of life. Thank you Lord for *PROPNAME* :)
"I know what lies beyond this life for me is already won. No one can take away the blood that covers over my bones. Without the blood of perfect life I know I'm nothing at all."
is not with his darling anymore :( sad day(s)...Lord, be my sustanence as you always are. Especially now that much of my joy is 700 miles away from me. I love you *PROPNAME*, and I miss you!
"We are the sons of holy wrath,A shining light in the darkThe ones who walk amongst despair,No sign of fear in our hearts"
6am on a saturday is far to early to drag one's self out of bed...ugh, God thank you for this morning..even though I'd like to be sleeping it away...It really is a beautiful morning :)
What makes people happy? Apparently we really suck at knowing what makes us happy. Its a measurable, replicable scientific fact. I dunno why that strikes me funny. lol. Lord, teach us to be joyful in you.
I don't know how it all works. I don't know why. I don't know how. I just am who you made me. I have what you gave me. Let me be yours. Please take all I have as yours. Let me be holy and of you. I desire for my life to boil your vapor from my skin forever. Burn everlasting flame. Flinted face, calloused knuckles, and grinding teeth...my best. That's what you got.
"I believe the world is burning to the ground. Oh well, I guess we're gonna find out"--How far have we come, Lord? Let us make the most of the time we do have here. We waste TOO much time on so many things that don't matter. Its not worth it. Really.
life never seems to stop changing. Its crazy to think college is almost over. Wow. Lord, please guide the steps of my life as it is so formless yet traced before me.
Dude, its freaking snowing!!!!! Yay!!!! Let's play in it!
"I gotta feelin. Woohoo...that tonight's gonna be a good night" :) I like it when prayer's answered sweetly and things work out well. Thanks God :)
So much to say. So much to do. So much to be. So little time. 24 hours is already to small an amount of time. Its hard to be without you.
Does it really take cancer or death to bring us to have a heart for our family? Really? Lord, at this rate, it'll take You coming on the clouds, blowing our minds and shaking us from our complacent lives...complacent in the daily grind. Complacent in our justifiable self-pity. Complacent in our self-centeredness. It'll take You to show us how wrong we all are.
has walked a thousand miles with grace so far. I could walk like this forever...Jesus how can you be so good to me?? May you be praised in every step I take. Always
"I believe it all is coming to an end. Oh well, I guess we're gonna pretend". Ever feel like a five-year-old who is content to cover his//her eyes to feel safe and secure? If I can't see you, you can't see me..lol..I want us all to stop ignoring the important things. They won't go away if you ignore them. I promise.
neoplatonic thinking postulates "the one" is infinite and gives rise, eventually, to this world of 'becoming". Lord you were, are, and forever will be. My one. May I draw all life and thought from Your essential creativity. May I be made to be like Your form. Good.
I like where we are. here :)...except...where's my julie?????? :(((. I don't like where we are anymore...
"No demanding without understanding" --*PROPNAME*
"Ever since the day I was born i've been deciding the end..." let your light guide my way, oh Lord. You are the great shepherd.
As long as I'm alive, I'd die for you. Thank You Lord for your love and Your awakening it within me.
"All these weirdos, and me getting a little better every day...I had never known...that there might be a place for people like us"--*PROPNAME*
"Wilt thou change this world... Or wilt thou change thyself?"...can't i do both?
*PROPNAME*. The spice of life. Apparently its one of my signature strengths :). How can I help make your life more adventurous today? Thank you, Lord, for making me salt and light.
Screw you AXLE
"why art thou cast down oh my soul?" Oh yeah, because my darling isn't here. Lord, this is a high calling indeed.
Thank you, Lord, for today :) The day that three  years ago you let me start to make mine the most amazing woman ever! :) I love you *PROPNAME* :)
Happy Valentine's day everybody! And especially   to my sweet fiancee (with two "e's"), *PROPNAME* , who makes this day very very  special  for me! Hey ya'll don't take for granted that you can hold the  one you  love in your arms. I'd give both of my arms just to see my love  right  now.
Though the air is cold outside, I pray You warm our hearts with Your love.
Just updated my profile...Much has changed since college!
Scouty is going to the Doctor...
Holiday is over....crap....
So apperently the owners at my school have decided that they want to make things as complicated as possible...enter new and stupidly expensive computer program!
Happy Brithday *PROPNAME*!!  Have a stadium dog for me!
Back in the ATL, but still just as foggy...luckly work is falling into place without me even doing anything...
Getting ready for my suprize trip to MI...I wish it was under better circumstances
wow, nothing like losing to a MAC team to make me cry...I would like to thank pete for ruining the game for me as well...jurk...
I would give my left ear to be able to watch the big ten network I ordered, thanks for ruinung my game day comcast...
At home, trying to remember who I am related to and witch kids belong to witch cousin....and craving polish food.  In another devolopment, I thought I would be able to escape country music in the north, but in reality it is worse...
Even though my own sister is a blood traider....GO GREEN!!  GO ND!!!
I have a slash in my convertable top.  2 days before I leave for my beach vacation.  Someone is a serious asshole.
Breaking News: At the Atlanta Zoo, an old guy with a long white beard was caught try to lure 2 of each animal out of the exhibits.  It is also reported that he arrived in a large wooden boat...
I am glad to say that my parents arrived in Michigan safely...even if thier bags are lost...
What do *PROPNAME* and the Miami Dolphins have in common? They make 70,000 people stand up and yell "Jesus Christ"...
What is this world coming to when a complete ahole douchebag like *PROPNAME* is making an apolgy tour, but still as not called the girl to personally say I am sorry?  This is the role models for kids?  In a realted note, we will be out of the recession when the Americans who want to work can, not one moment before...I am feeling feisty today...
One of my prospective students just asked me out...is it 3 yet?  This week has been crazy...
*PROPNAME* is terrified of the half deflated mylar balloon outside of our condo, when we went for a walk she barked at it and then peed all over herself when I grabbed it to toss it out.  She is such a frady pup!
The guy next to me getting a mani//pedi tonight reminded me of someone my dad would golf with...kinda reminded me of home until he started singing along with the radio to Ace of Base, Madonna, and Cher.  It was so hard not to laugh!! So Atlanta!
I did not realize that *PROPNAME* (the guy from "to catch a predator") went to MSU, that is actually pretty cool.  He is a bad ass in a turtleneck!
Almost the weekend...only a few more short hours...I think we can make it.
What in God's name happened to cnn.com?
I fell on the way to my car this morning...I hope that is not the predictor of a bad day!
dang...is this what people feel like when the wings take it all??  Personally when the wings take it all in the cup it makes me smile, but for some reason a suprizing number of people are not red wings fans...
*PROPNAME* cant wait to dress up and go trick or treating!
I think quite possibly that MSU is one of the only teams in the Big Ten where the other team can have that many penalties and we still lose...the pizza pizza bowl is a GOAL now...and hockey is sucking a big one...when does basketball start?
Hey Atlanta: you may see my work on the evening news...Some guy was shot in the foot in our parking lot, that we share with the probation office...I have heard rumors he shot himself...
If you push print once....you only get one copy, so dont look at me like a moron when I bring you the 6 other copys from the 6 other times you pressed print...
I think that *PROPNAME* was embarassed that we were blasting the Glee soundtrack while crusing around with the top down...I can't imagine why
My mom and I were talking about all the food that reminds me of home last night, now I am a little home sick.  I love this time of year in Michigan!
I think I am going to start a Book Club with my girlfriends...any of you peaches intersted.  In my mind it will be a good excuse to sit around and drink wine and maybe talk about the book for a few minutes...
I just keep reminding myself...one week until my vacation, one week until my vacation....
NO NO NO *PROPNAME* cannot have a crush on Shoe...
How did a hobbit get on Flash Forward? That show is so crazy...
I cannot believe that I am celibrating going to the Pizza Pizza Bowl...
As much as I love Twlight (Team Taylor!), it is just me, or is it extreeme to be taking kids to see it tonight that are still in elementary school when they have school tomorrow! I guess taking kids period, with the attacks and sexual stuff....
My mouth always gets me in trouble...
Hopefully this week will not kick my butt...I don't think I can take it again
Wow...I should have watched more baseball this year...the twins are playing really well...crap...
So Glee was not so bad...here is the question, is the diva going to tell the ladies and that is how *PROPNAME* is going to find out that *PROPNAME* is the father
Rest in Peace Uga the Bulldog, the world of college mascots morns you today
Maybe it was a seisure?  She seems ok today, no weird movements, eating and drinking, and her cagemate is acting normal...I read online that strokes are common but it doesnt sound like they bounce back that quick...
Since when did you become the center of the universe?
I am dreading glee this week...
Under the cover of shameful darkness, my now former sister became a fan of Michigan football.  Because you did not go there, or any of our family for that matter...that makes you, my former sibling, a WALMART WOLVERINE...yes I went there!  We will see where your loyalties lie when you need a kidney or a piece of my liver...GO NITTANY LIONS!!
This rain has gotten me down today, that and the fact that my flat iron died...bad hair and I am cranky...At least I can look forward to Glee tonight!
Well, I didnt see that coming...
Putting together my coverletter and resume...I think I can I think I can I think I can
What doesnt kill me will make me stronger...
Day looking up, I will be able to exchange the defective flat iron!  I realized that New Moon comes out when I will be home for Thanksgiving, any body want to go see it with me?  Still looking forward to Glee...I feel a little dirty thinking that *PROPNAME* is hot
When doing your Christmas cards, take one or more and send it to this address: A Recovering American Soldier c//o *PROPNAME* Army Medical Center 6900 Georgia Avenue NW; Washington, D.C. 20307. If we pass this on, think of how many cards these wonderful special people would get. PASS THIS ON TO ALL YOUR FRIENDS. (JUST COPY AND PASTE TO YOUR WALL)
Is metal block the begining of a mini breakdown?  I feel something coming on...Everything is starting to back up on me...
now I kinda wish it was snowing...just for over night, then after I am able to enjoy it over a cup of coffee then it can vanish!
I hate to say this, but *PROPNAME* Tonight is actually pretty good...having a hard time chosing between that and *PROPNAME* Lately...
So, my tickets for Saturday's Spartan wallop of the *PROPNAME* are in the mail, I should have them tomorrow...Does anyone want to go see U2?
Let go Spartans LETS GO!
Time Mag named this decade the worst since WWII.  My only thought is, has there really been enough decades since WWII to be able to clearly desern that this one is the worst?  Granted these last ten years have really kinda sucked as far national tragity...but is there a need to call it the worst since WWII?
Today did suck...*PROPNAME* came home with 40 mega rolls of one ply toilet paper....I am going to be using prison tp until at least Easter!
Wow I am really in a funk...I had no idea *PROPNAME* was fired! I knew it was most likely going to be his last season, but I hardly ever miss stuff like that
Why are people from NeW Jersey so proud of being from New Jersey?
I was just watching "*PROPNAME* in Real Life" while I was working on my Christmas cards, and I just realized...*PROPNAME* (*PROPNAME*)  is the cop that pulls *PROPNAME* over and has his cruiser backed into.  HE IS WAY BETTER LOOKING WITHOUT THAT HAIR!
So, I got something in my eye and rubbed it and now it looks like I got punched in the face...everyone was making domestic violence jokes at the party...
Does this have to happen tonight...I have my fight club
I am in a funk today...I dont know if it is depression, maybe a lack of motivation because of depression.  This process is not for the impatient.
Thank God for facebook or everyone would have names misspelled on thier cards...
My thanksgiving utopia lasted a whole hour...new record.
It was good to get out of the house for a little while, and even better to see my girls!
Apple casserole and Herb Pork Loin smells so good!!
As of today, Facebook staff will be allowed to eat your children and pets. To turn this option off, go to settings, then privacy, then meals. Click the top two boxes to prevent the employees of Facebook from eating your beloved children and pets. Copy this to your status to warn your friends!
Today I am thankful that I am able to be in Michigan with my family.  I am also thankful for my families in Michigan and in Atlanta.  I am most thankful for everyone I love being healthy today.
So much to do before tomorrow...I am actually a little overwhelmed!
Errands...
I am not ready to get back to real life...
Watered plants, cleaned gerbil cage, did laundry, washed the dishes. Starting on packing  then off to pick up my shoes from the cobbler!
First day of Winter is not so bad in Atlanta...
Dear Baby Jesus: Please compell my boyfriend to get off his ass and pack...we are leaving tomorrow at 5 am to go home and celibrate your birth...and i really dont want to have to kill him because then I will have to drive the Mustang in the snow and rosie is in mint condition and the salt will discolor my top.  Thanks so much...
"Over the river and to the woods to Boosha's house we go!"
Baking pumpkin bread and pumkin pies and making stuffing!!
So...I never got the facination with farmville until I built my zoo...totally addicted!  If you have zooworld let me know I will send you a gift
So the guito from Jersey Shore that calls him self "The Situtation" is trying to trademerk it now...
What is going on with this bowl game?  I thought that MSU losing 20% of thier players was bad...now texas tech coach scandle?   If you were going to toss a kid in the closet...would you chose the one whose dad is on tv everynight??  Bad call dude!
SNOWING!  All of atlanta grinds to a halt for a snow flurry....SO glad I am at home!  Careful driving with the crazies out there people!
Oye, so tired...Sometimes I wish that we could spend more time enjoying and less time preparing this time of year
I am so so excited...Going to the big game...heading home...going to see my dog...I cant sleep!
Maybe going home grounded me...I feel so much better now!
feeling much better today!  So if the head coach of Texas Tech was fired, is this even going to be a fair game?  Maybe considering many of our players were stupid...
feels like Death warmed over...
Snow predicted when I go home!!  I cant wait!
Getting ready to come home for Christmas!
Well, this year has to be better then the last...
Dropping off some resumes today...I am feeling good mojo!
Well, I think he has the flu, but it is basically impossible to tell if he has the swine flu
Good Job ballers...its all up to the football team now!  GO GREEN, GO WHITE, GO STATE!
Oh no *PROPNAME* is really sick, I even made him chicken soup yesterday, and he still is running a fever!
Well, Big Ten is looking awsome in the bowls so far, the buck and the kittens gave great show...Hopefully MSU will follow suit!
*PROPNAME* is flying into Chicago tonight...I will miss that guy!
Now *PROPNAME* is sick...and realizes what a jerk he was when I was sick
And the Grinch, with his Grinch-feet ice cold in the snow, stood puzzling and puzzling, how could it be so? It came without ribbons. It came without tags. It came without packages, boxes or bags. And he puzzled and puzzled ’till his puzzler was sore. Then the Grinch thought of something he hadn’t before. What if Christmas, he thought, doesn’t come from a store. What if Christmas, perhaps, means a little bit more.
Had a great game night with the family...we should do that more often when I am home...next time with drinks!
Going to have my emmissions tested, want to just get that out of the way and today seems like a good day for it!  Also running other errands...
So now what am I suppost to do on Wensday nights?  Damn it Fox...no Glee until April?
Keep your fingers crossed that *PROPNAME* kept his germs to himself...
Three Flakes and schools are closed tomorrow?  WEAK
Apperantly the roads are bad in Atlanta...be careful out there guys!
Why is *PROPNAME*'s new hair news?
Snow advisory for Atlanta today and tomorrow...Good thing I have bead, milk and meat in the house!
In the murder mitten...it is cold!   Also HAPPY 11th BIRTHDAY MAX!  no matter how old you get you will still be a whiny pain in the ass to me puppy
I am feeling strangely homesick from thinking about my birthday...I havent had a good one since college...maybe i will just stop trying to make it special
Heading back to Atlanta...
DANG IT!!  If you are in Atlanta and need somehere to go for NYE, come to my house, I have food and drink, almost all of my guests are sick or have sick kids!
HOW DID WE MEET???? Everyone play this game! Copy and paste this phrase on your profile, you will find it amusing to remember how you met and how you know each of your friends! Before you do that answer for me. Thank you and I can't wait to hear from you!!!!!
Just another day...
Woo Hoo Friday!
Nothing like a Basketball win to lift the spirits...
Ted Nugent is a touch scary, may be an intersting choice for Michigan politics...
What makes *PROPNAME* so special!!  He is a QUITTER!  Watch out *PROPNAME*...
The devistation in Haiti is heartbreaking, I cannot imagine when they start running out of food and water, and without a sewer system that is going to be hell in that climate...I really hope there is not violence when resources are exahusted
Dang it ND!!!
I am hoping this is allergies and not a cold..
I think one of my gerbils had a stroke...Poor little guy!  After I put the food and water next to her she perked up a little, but she still is moving weird and falling over...
A Big Green and White Double Header!!  First the ballers will start out by beating up on Northwestern just like the ladies slapped around those sad Wolverines yesterday....then on to watch the MSU Football team wallop Texas Tech!!  Its a great day to BLEED GREEN!!  GO SPARTANS!!!
Why do three people that do not know eachother have "pants on the ground" in their updates?  Am I missing something?
found my Tag paperwork in the man den...Hopefully I get my tags by 2.1 if I apply now online...
I love my mom! For all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today... please copy and paste to your profile! I expect to see this many times on my page!
Well, that wasnt so bad, now I have to wait and see...
ELCOME TO THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA Press 1 for English. Press 2 to disconnect until you learn to speak English. And remember only two defining forces have ever offered to die for you, JESUS CHRIST. And the AMERICAN SOLIDER. One died for your soul, the other for your freedom. If you agree... copy and paste in your status
Thank-you everyone for your bithday wishes, they made me feel truely special
has anyone else realized that *PROPNAME* looks like "The Situation"?  I am so glad that trashy show is almost over
taking a much needed mental health day!
I just received an AARP card in the mail...not sure what to think
Watching basketball is giving me heartburn...
Lets go STATE!!  8-0 BABY!
So, I tried to sit down and pay my birthday tax today, and I cannot find the paper work...I know I have it here somewhere!
black
*PROPNAME* is going to deal with a ticket...I dont know where his checks are if I need to bail him out!
Has anyone else noticed that the dolphin with the helmet on the Miami Dolphins logo looks like it should be riding the short bus?
So Variety is reporting that the cast of Jersey Shore is coming back for a second season, making $10,000 per episode.  I guess they were making a few hundred per episode before.  That is alot of tanning, hair products, and tiny tops!
I really really hope people dont start using "post-it" as a reason for loyality.  Greys is getting stupid...
I reunited a cat with her owner today...Feels nice but I am not sure how to tell denny there was a cat in the condo....
Dishwasher repair guy coming tomorrow am, hopefully phone that works being delivered tomorrow as well.  Big day ahead!
*PROPNAME* noms as predicted...*PROPNAME* saw his furry shadow but the weather man said we are in an el nino...I am on team rodent!
It makes me sad to see *PROPNAME* all iced over...
My phone stopped working, I can call out, but the person I call cannot hear me!
The "Full House" home is on the market for 4 mil.  I wonder if being fetured in the show increased its value
Getting ready to watch the game
my facebook looks the same...am I missing something?
*PROPNAME* mixed week old coucous with new coucous, and he cannot understand why I will not eat it...
Thank you to everyone that was able to come out for my birthday dinner, and I sincerely appologize to the guys that thought that tapas bar was topless bar...
Hell Ya for a 20 minute commute!
Little Chilly!
Well here goes nothing, getting ready for my first day!
Same old Spartans...
Big Game tonight..perfect big ten record on the line...GO GREEN!
Damn it, I am old...sitting here in my snuggie watching a telathon...
here we go again...luckly I work at a school that may close for the chance of snow
Poor little Wolverines...at this rate the NIT is a goal!!  Look at your sad little glum faces...
It's DOPPELGANGER Week. Change your profile picture to someone famous you have been told you resemble (actor, singer, athlete, etc)...I have been told by multiple people that I look like *PROPNAME*.  I guess it could be worse
So my dome light will not go out when I am driving, I actually reasched the problem myself and sent *PROPNAME* out to spray the crap out of my door latches with wd40...I cannot believe I was on a forum looking up car stuff...
Well, if I dont root for the Colts I am pretty sure that *PROPNAME* will never talk to me again, and  we need him at trivia for Sports questions, so GO COLTS!
:(
Gas Station doughnut does not equal paczki, I almot cried a litle
Happy St Valentines Day!
is baking a cherry pie from scratch :-)
found Scorpius!
is still recovering from shock after seeing my 7th grade science teacher at a certain bar
enjoys reading *PROPNAME*'s facebook status updates.
just learned from Wikipedia what Gropecunt Lane is, and is somewhat abashed.
is excited for being able to spot the Summer Triangle. Not to be confused with the Bermuda Triangle.
is excited about making a chocolate mousse torte. :)
is now addicted to Mafia Wars. Thanks *PROPNAME*!
Strawberries make everything better :)
Mono is no fun :(
is looking forward to *PROPNAME* tonight.
is quickly learning that when making a French dish to be prepared to pour whole bottles of wine into the sauce lol
I <3 House of Pies! :D
Happy National Coming Out Day!
This Coq au Vin recipe calls for 2 full bottles of wine to go into the sauce. Gotta love the French! :)
http:////www.youtube.com//watch?v=RTPpbHueNJ4
I made my first bouquet garni today :).
Undecided about seeing "The Fourth Kind" after reading a ton of horrible reviews on it...
is such a Gleek.
Mag-usap tayo sa Tagalog!
I <3 *PROPNAME*!
saw a homeless guy on the side of the road holding up a sign that said "Why Lie, Need Beer". Picture to be uploaded soon!
It's snowing in Houston!
Very disappointed that the NY legislature voted against legalizing gay marriage.
Ice skating in Houston = Melted ice and rain...still fun however :)
Excited about seeing the Nutcracker tomorrow :)
It is so heartbreaking watching a loved one deal with the progression of Parkinson's disease :(
I've got yellow fever! :p
It's projected to snow 3-5 inches tomorrow in Houston! :)
A good friend passed away suddenly this morning. Keeping her in my thoughts.
Houston, the fourth largest city in the U.S., has elected its first openly gay mayor *PROPNAME* :)
Why does Facebook think I speak Dutch?
"It is no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society." -*PROPNAME*
is enjoying talking to random people on omegle.com
enjoyed looking at $110,000 pianos with *PROPNAME* yesterday :)
I hope everyone had a wonderful Thanksgiving!
Saw avatar in 3D, it was awesome! Go see it everyone :)
Nothing quite like going to the park and seeing a vulture munch on a gutted squirrel, turn to look at you, and precede to empty its bowels with a loud *squirt*
About to make a triple layer chocolate mousse torte for tomorrow :)
"The whole purpose of religion is to facilitate love and compassion, patience, tolerance, humility, forgiveness." --H.H. the Dalai Lama
Note to self: NEVER try to make candy canes or any other hard sugar candy without at least 2 other people around to immediate shape the candy and clean it off the dishes before it hardens. Otherwise, it will be stuck on everything and take repeated re-heating and scraping to get it off :(
Merry Christmas everyone :)
Mexico City legalized gay marriage and adoptions! =)
"On the sixth day, God created man. On the seventh day, man returned the favor."
Happy New Year!
Home alone on TV :)
"Love and compassion are necessities, not luxuries. Without them humanity cannot survive" - Dalai Lama
If I can stop one heart from breaking, I shall not live in vain; If I can ease one life the aching, Or cool one pain, Or help one fainting robin, Unto his nest again, I shall not live in vain. - *PROPNAME*
Cheesecake turned out amazing! Almost as fun to eat as it was to make :)
Keeping the people of Haiti in my thoughts
Memento is a trippy movie!
Looking forward to going up in a hot air balloon above Discovery Green :-)
Starbuck's Caramel Apple Spice = <3
watched the movie 'Saved' this weekend and loved it!
"If you wish to make an apple pie truly from scratch, you must first invent the universe." - *PROPNAME*
Sometimes I think the surest sign that intelligent life exists elsewhere in the universe is that none of it has tried to contact us. -- *PROPNAME*
*PROPNAME*'s cheesecake shake makes me happy :-)
"Nature and nature's laws lay hid in the night. God said, Let *PROPNAME* be! and all was light!" - *PROPNAME*
Had a great birthday dinner at Carraba's with family :-)
My new favorite word is Weltanschauung :-)
is excited to pop chuckies natives cherry!
If you read this, even if we don't speak often, post a comment with a memory of you and me. It can be anything you want! When you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status and you'll be surprised at what people remember about you.
has an interview in 30...SO NERVOUS!!!
out for the day with my man
is definitely a nerd.  just freaked out on jaye because i thought we left the 3D glasses at the movie store...
was looking for a job and ended up with two...
Dear rain, I have a wonderful day of boating and friends ahead of me so please go away... Sincerely, Barb
anyone wanna join me, renee and chaz at the bar tonight?
going out with the other interns and renee?  tonight is going to be an interesting night...
things to remember while watching a scary movie.. 1. the phone line ALWAYS gets cut or cell phones get lost// broken or they never have service 2. the power ALWAYS gets turned off 3. one of the girls gets hurt and miraculously breaks an ankle// leg 4. there
a reggae band covering one of the best beatles albums?!?!  my life is now complete:)
we all threw it back forcefully to THE NATIVES tonight...love you jaye!!!
what an adventurous night...filled with the natives, crazy screaming men and a half-naked girl...what a great night!!!!!
another adventurous night with the natives...going to holland this time!!!
good bye el...until sunday!!
i want to go to the bar tonight...is that too much to ask?
i woke up with the roots stuck in my head...weird
i feel like my insides have turned into goo and are going to seep out my pores at any minute...
is starting to like her new room in the basement...
having people over tonight...call me if you wanna come over!
GOING ON AN ADVENTURE...to kalamazoo!!!  bitches are jealous!
ugh...thursday can not come fast enough
ugh...i need a job:(
finally...the inspection is over and the house looks awesome!
is pumped to see harry potter with chaz...you are the best bf ever!
had a wonderful two days on boat...
what a freaking wonderful night...in both good and bad ways!
is getting a cold...
how did i go from having nothing to do all the time to being unbelievably busy in a matter of 2 days?
party at my place.  call the cell to join...
karma is a bitch isn't it???
goodbye EL...see you tomorrow
home alone...and terribly bored:(
is completely uncomfortable....
going to see inglourious basterds with the boy...
partying at my place tonight...call me if you wanna join!!
NACHOFEST!!!!
i wish things could change...sadly i know they never will.  time to face reality.
not wearing a bra to the bar is a TERRIBLE idea...
will be at the library for the rest of life...
just realized that i will never get a break from studying// school...
so my phone decide that it isn't accepting phone calls at the moment..for now all i have is texts, ugh i hate technology
up earlier than most everyone in EL and trying to study...but chaz stole my damn RED BULL!!
awesome way to start the week...NOT
is having a competition with the man to see who can finish a word search the fastest...we are nerds
migraine...ugh
i reeeaaallllyyyy want to see taking woodstock...
bar tonight?  anyone want to join me??
i got bit by a pig yesterday and now my finger hurts...
rob zombie just disappointed me...never thought that would happen.
going out with my man to see a play!!  NACHOFEST TOMORRROW!!!!
please stop smoking cigarettes in my house...or i might kill you..
yes!!!  its almost been two long years...finally reunited and it feels so good!!
yes...got the house to myself!!!!
is off to ruperts for the night!
studying until my eyeballs fall out.  have to make up for the two weeks i missed...
facebook stalking = FALKING!!! hahaha i love you angie!
relocated to espresso royale...ugh so much to get done:(
i can't get over this hilariousness. i was listening to npr the other day and this guy was interviewing a band. the band was a bunch of science nerds that made science songs. one of their songs was called my brother the chimp or something and they talked about how they believed in evolution. guy interviewing them goes...so what was the genesis of this song. i laughed. hard. and still think its funny...the end
relocated for the last time...still studying but at home.  what a long confusing day:(
oh i am such a sucker for a nerdy guy...
i am having a hard time studying..
ONLY FIVE MORE DAYS UNTIL I GET SEE ANGIE!!!!!!
ugh...nothing productive has come out of this day...
spending my saturday the best way...at the library with ALEX!
oh mysterious man whose voice sounds like seth rogen, i fell in love with you and i didn't even see your face...
i feel like shit...
i am not one to get into the christmas cheer but damn it i want to watch a charlie brown christmas...
attempting to finish this 10 page paper...
i am stuck in battlecreek for the night...ugh i hate snow sometimes.
a porn star just asked to move into our house...
girls sitting next to me at the coffee shop are discussing STD's loudly...wonderful.
i just want today to be over already...
is very sore and very tired...
work, then to the lib with alex all night
just calculated my carbon foot print...SICK!
ALMOST DONE WITH MY SEMESTER!!
yay...i finally get to see *PROPNAME*'s lovely face and spend the holiday with the *PROPNAME*!!  Wish you were with us *PROPNAME*!!!
still attempting to finish this 10 page paper...
i just bought books and booked a flight for chaz and i to DENVER!!!
FINALLY DONE!!!
ugh...i hate landlords and i hate renting...
keep the people of haiti and their families, in your thoughts.  DONATE IF YOU CAN!!
is soo sore...but thats what happens when you fall down the stairs and bruise your entire left side:(
ahh it is so nice when i am soo productive...
THANKS FOR ALL OF THE BIRTHDAY WISHES EVERYONE!!!  I HAD A GREAT DAY!!!
needs to stop slacking...
oww...broke my pinky toe, AGAIN...
homework and babysitting all day...brought the wii to entertain my two favorite twins!!!
sledding with the kids, death trap of a wooden sled and snowball fights...gotta love michigan!
i just listened to waiting for my ruca by sublime and it made me think of *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*.  ugh, i miss you guys!
wish i wouldn't have procrastinated all weekend!!  my paper draft SUCKS...
trying to be productive at the lib with *PROPNAME*...
a bar with bright pink walls and mounted deer head...and i got a rose from elvis.  absolutely wonderful night!
haha no public speaking for me today...CLASS IS CANCELLED!
is going to Oslo tomorrow!
Will be in a dress rehearsal tonight in preparation for the Båstad concerts with Musica Vitae. :)
Happy Midsummer!!
Wow! That was a really spicy lunch in Østersund! Time to walk it off.... ;)
just ate delicious pizza after a busy and tiring day of walking around downtown Oslo, the Viking ship museum, Norsk Folkmuseum and beautiful new Opera house with *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*.
Went to the Natural Science Museum and Imax theatre today. :)
Practicing...
Going to have a bbq tonight, and am off to Munich tomorrow. Yipee!
is getting tired of staring at her computer screen, working on a TEFL course, and needs to take a break and go to the gym.
working out, practicing, packing....
Mmmm... good food after a long day of coachings and practice.
mmm Espresso at Chocco cafe.
had a wonderful week in Southern Sweden and Olso, and is heading North to the land of the midnight sun... next stop, Trondheim.
is going to Prague tomorrow. ;)
Was caught in a downpour while going for a long and pensive walk in the forest. :(
Back in Stockholm!
going to the dentist to reverse the effects of continual coffee drinking.
looking forward to visiting Prague again on Friday to pick up my Japanese visa.
drinking hot tea with hyssop to alleviate sinus pressure from the large amounts of poplar fluff and pollen this week.
is in Canada!
is in Litomysl and loving every minute of it! ;)
off to eat some yummy sushi!
went to *PROPNAME*'s house (brother) for cedar-smoked walleye, yummy salad and potatoes, white wine and to see the International fireworks competition display-- tonight was a great presentation by China. :)
was visited several times at home by cousin *PROPNAME* and family, Aunt *PROPNAME* and Uncle *PROPNAME* and the Kidds. Besides this, I am reading books, watching movies such as "What Women Want" and trying to organize suitcases for my move to Japan on Saturday. :)
is performing tonight in the opening concert in Litomysl.
walked from S:t Eriksplan to Gamla stan (after a work-out), around Gamla stan, and back via Sodermalm//Kungsholmen. Stockholm is beautiful!!
Going to the hot springs for the HPAC opening party.
very pleased with the Konami sports club membership-- a heated pool, running track, machines, weights, free athletic classes and a spa all in one package. :)
Yoga cures nearly everything that ails.
time to catch up on sleep...goodnight!
safe and sound in Japan! :)
going on a walking tour to the castle etc. of Osaka.
walked around Takarazuka and Osaka today. :)
Happy Canadian Thanksgiving!
the weather suddenly snapped into Autumn.
Pumped from working out at Konami, but is cramming Japanese for the lesson tomorrow.
having fun drawing in solitude.
took a personality test, and it said that I'm suitable to be a "supervisor."
The first week is always the hardest, right? If so, it won't be long before I'm whipped into shape-- I went to the Konami gym 5 times this week. :)
Listening to opera, Brahms and browsing through amazon.com.
Back from the Cello//Viola dinner party! :)
Flight delayed by freezing temperatures in China, but arrived safely!
very, very sleepy.
preparing for her voyage across Eurasia... not over the pond this time. ;)
my first typhoon experience ever is coming!!
going with Eric to see Flickan som lekte med elden.
The connecting flight was delayed yet again by a couple of hours in China, but I will go to bed and sleep for as long as it takes to recover!!
Busy week with Rehearsals and 3 great concerts with Maestro *PROPNAME* and soloist *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* Violin Cto and Bruckner 7, bday party in Shinsaibashi Osaka, Konami gym, Japanese lessons, duets, Thanksgiving dinner, and soon to come: Universal Studios!
feeling the burn in my shoulders and triceps from the gym.
mmm...home-made pizza. :)
To bed early with a splitting headache and goose-egg about two inches wide at the back.
ate yummy salmon with pasta and veggies after a work-out @ Konami.
looking forward to Christmas festivities!
Merry Christmas to all, and to all a good night!
annoyed with the slow internet connection. :(
visited the Martinu museum.
Happy New Year!
Going to the gym again. :)
wishing the rain would turn to snow for Christmas!
off to buy more coffee.
off to Japanese class within the hour-- have to stop surfing the web!!
dragged herself out of bed to put out the cardboard that has been accumulating for more than 3 months! :)
Leaving for the airport and flying to Norway tomorrow!
Back from the gym, and looking forward to the New Year's party. :)
It's Doppelgänger week, in which Facebookers may change their profile pictures to someone famous their appearance has been compared to. POST TO UR PROFILE!
Alive and well and drinking a lot of coffee to kick-start the day.
coffee, music and home-made pizza.
Made it through the first day of rehearsal after a long journey! :)
excited to go to my first Japanese private lesson tomorrow.
Up early to finish reading "The Prospector," and will leave soon to practice before working.
Well rested after a week of jetlag, Taka City concert, various other rehearsals and a Yakitori party.
loving the snow. :)
is not surprised the states most utilizing their natural energy endowments are facing the smallest budget gaps for the upcoming fiscal year. California: your move
wonders, what's the use of having a bulwark against cloture if you can't exercise party discipline anyway.
is reading his packet for law school orientation. This is all very exciting and petrifying at the same time.
sends his blessings to those who keep the embers of freedom alight. Happy Independence Day!
awoke to an email stating: "Starting in 2010, the US Department of Education will be requiring significant changes in the way educational institutions collect and report race//ethnicity data. Accordingly, on July 19, 2009, LSAC changed the race//ethnicity d
always looks on the bright side of life: our Supreme Court will now be two-thirds Catholic.
is highly amused. The comparisons between *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*, as well as claims of her narcissism, are a classic case of psychological projection. (*PROPNAME*, really? Just how frightened are they of this woman?) The MSM are actually referring to no
rarely ever gets sick. Hopefully this will pass quickly.
was happy to learn it wasn't a furlough but a scheduling mistake that created the lapse. Back to work tomorrow.
is attending the Royal Fireworks Festival & Concert tonight at Riverfront Park.
is feelin' much better (and stronger everyday)
is now on (the) twitter. This had better be worth it.
is reminded of the underpants gnomes when listening to the HHS Secretary ignore clear evidence that socialized medicine won't lower health care costs.
came home to a box of Panda licorice, a favorite. I feel loved.
"I may be limping, but I'm coming home"
is wishing his Kitty a happy (and momentous) two-month anniversary.
""All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing." - *PROPNAME*
wonders, with all this righteous indignation over a terrorist assassination program and change in tactics from pursuing the Taliban to protecting the population, when did this stop being a war?
is on the road again and deeply saddened to be separated from the Kitty for the rest of the week.
has on his soothsayer cap: [One day, parents who send their children to "super-gold-plated-Cadillac" private schools will pay additional taxes to cover the educational expenses of lower income families]
is doing a little catch-up work but excited to start school tomorrow.
R.I.P. *PROPNAME*
is steadily developing an iron butt. And no, he hasn't been to the gym lately.
will concede health care is a moral issue when the same proponents acknowledge abortion is immoral.
is pleased the American people will now have the time to read the government-run health care bill or have it interpreted for them. Apparently, this is a luxury our representatives (and President) couldn't find the time in their busy schedules to accomplis
is one lucky guy. First class, first day as a 1L and I'm the first to be called on to state the case. Thankfully, I did alright.
is thinking, what's not to love about a city that hosts a festival called, "Pig Out in the Park"
is looking forward to a steak dinner tonight in celebration of four years together as a couple.
always says, whatever doesn't kill you makes you luckier.
is thankful; only Justice Scalia's wit could make CIv Pro bearable reading at this hour.
is pondering the contradictions in his fidelity to a jealous mistress.
reminds those engaging in civil discourse; when you have to resort to accusations of racism, you're probably losing the debate.
wonders which is more inappropriate; heckling during a Presidential address to Congress or the President himself calling a private citizen a "jackass".
It's beginning to look a lot like Washington around here.
has settled on a parish. Happy days.
is in Santa Clara to see the family. Still missing the Kitty.
was greatly disappointeed with the disgustingly partisan scriptwriting on Law and Order last night.
Mr Hart's 1L advice: when preparing for the socratic method, remember to think in questions.
remembers the good old days when we could pay for everything under the sun by "bringing the troops home". It amazes me how inconsistent we can be when the Birkenstock is on the other foot.
*PROPNAME* was bad enough, but at least he distorted data and concocted fear-mongering chartsngrafs to support his cockamamie theory. The Norwegian Nobel Committee just lost its credibility--forever.
wonders if serfs living under a nationalized health care scheme lead healthier lifestyles mostly for fear of becoming sick//injured and having to throw themselves at the mercy of its poor services.
doesn't think passing a bill on *PROPNAME*'s casket would legitimize killing health care for the rest of us.
is thinking of a movie title; Dr. Strangehair or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Cue Ball Look
is making a four-minute oral argument tomorrow. Should be interesting.
thinks people in straw houses shouldn't blow hot air...or propose a homeowner's insurance public option for that matter.
reckons it's looking a lot like Washington in California right now.
wasn't disuaded post-media blitz. Still thinks taxes are an appropriation of wealth, mandates are backed implicitly with a gun and "freedom from want" is a condition better reserved for animals and small children.
thinks he did alright. Not necessarily kicking asterisks and taking case names, but certainly alright.
You know that feeling you get when you're running a marathon and the endorphins finally kick in...
We have growth, but at the price of future jobs--all the while paying five times as much for the same car we would've bought later. What else can be done to keep up this facade of recovery? We're already printing more money than ever before. We can't raise taxes without calling it a fee, because dear leader wants to be re-elected. Can we still hit the brakes before this public-private hybrid goes into a ditch?
It's crunch time. See y'all in a month or so.
First law school midterm this monday. This one's for a third of the clams.
Happy Thanksgiving
"Life is white, and I am black. Jesus and his lawyer are coming back."
is celebrating six months months together with my beautiful bride.
Legal research reminds me of combing the ocean floor for treasures. Every once in a while I return to the same spot with the knowledge that what I thought was a rock might have actually been an oyster with a pearl inside.
Finals begin next monday. Overhead this today in Torts: "Dude, you're fine. It's not crunch time yet."
second season of the Paper Chase is being released this December. Sweeeet.
Finals.
just began his first involuntary, five-day furlough. So sad.
Well, that was just about the longest 4 months and shortest 3 hours of my entire life. Same time next year, I hope.
is convinced, with everyone and their mother talking about the possibility of raising taxes on the middle class, it's not going to happen. Do you really think one of the most shrewd politicians since *PROPNAME* would all but certify the loss of his re-
is no Keynesian, but I think if there's one thing "cash for clunkers" demonstrates, it's that $787 billion (minus the $237 billion in tax cuts) would've been more stimulative coming from the pockets of American consumers than vested bureaucrats in Washing
is in SF to attend a two-day prep course for school. Still separated from my bride and hating every minute of it.
An Obama consultant yesterday on taxing high-value, middle class health care plans: "We're not talking about a new tax on these people. We're saying they currently get an enormous tax break and we're going to slightly scale that back . . ." This will likely be the talking point for any new, middle-class taxes to come.
is going to law school. see y'all in three years.
heard the pres was on the TV tonight
gets to see Philip Glass as a birthday present for the second year in a row. hmm Wot's that phrase the kids use...FTW!
I thought the Kindle was a stupid idea, but the iPad...wow, this is the future of personal computing, a segue into Minority Report-like "surface computing". Way to stay ahead of the curve, Apple.
along with wife *PROPNAME*, have decided to celebrate filing their first, joint tax return in that good-old-fashioned American way, by purchasing a new TV.
How nice of the NFL to ask my favorite band to play at the Superbowl for my birthday.
loves USPS. When you underpay for online postage, they charge you at the counter. When you overpay, they pocket the difference and say "thank you". Isn't that just the Federal government in a nutshell?
is strongly considering JAG after law school. Might attend OCS over the summer.
Thanks for the birthday wishes. You guys are awesome.
*PROPNAME* is hilarious.
is 76% of the way to my goal of running three miles in eighteen minutes. Good first attempt.
wonders why no one ever followed up on *PROPNAME*'s pledge to eat the CRA.
Whoa, an A in 11 AP English... well, I'm content now.
R.I.P., *PROPNAME*. Maybe people will be less cruel to you where you are now.
JUST MADE Civic Jazz Orchestra!!!
"His cheeks and eyes burned from the cold."
Holy crap, *PROPNAME* is really, really good.
I'm out from tomorrow 'til Friday.
RIP *PROPNAME*. The world owes you a great debt for everything you've done for music.
off to St. Louis. Back on Friday.
is about to play at the Detroit International Jazz Festival on the same stage as *PROPNAME*. No pressure, though.
"We would shout and swim about// The coral that lies beneath the waves.// Oh what joy for every girl and boy// Knowing they're happy and they're safe!// We would be so happy, you and me,// No one there to tell us what to do.// I'd like to be under the sea// In an octopus' garden with you." - In Memoriam Requiescat, Pater: August 16, 1962 - April 8, 2006.
is an INTJ. Horray for a lack of social skills!
Steamroll the Irish, Wolverines.
As always, Geh Blau!
At last! House...
just visited Wash. U. in St. Louis, and is VERY impressed.
"Did someone just page the King of AWESOME?"
C'mon, Michigan!
is off - again! - looking at colleges, but this time, out east. Brown//Wesleyan//Yale//Rochester impressions when I get back, if you want them.
B-but... impossible... the Lions can't WIN, can they?
"Every year is getting shorter, never seem to find the time... Plans that either come to naught or half a page of scribbled lines..."
...Where did fall go?
"Heaven send hell away No one sings like you do anymore."
<3 scotch tasting
golfing! fore!
bruno anyone?
<3 boarding at the beach :)!
Kitten Mitten!
Hot pot!
has been asked by several friends about our trip plans.  We fly nonstop from Charlotte to Frankfurt.  Then we travel by train, Heidelberg, Wiesbaden, Mainz, Munich, castles, Zugspitze,  Rothenburg, back to Frankfurt and fly home.
is home from Germany, had a good time ... tired
starting to prepare for Summer Camp.
is off to Scout Camp (Old Indian in SC) for a week
is packing for Germany
is taken *PROPNAME* (our youngest) off to Appalachian State today to start his freshman year.  *PROPNAME* isn't going, she just can't do it.
best wishes to everyone going back to school today
is heading off to the National Order of the Arrow Conference
is heading home
appreciates all the kind birthday wishes, via facebook and various other forms of communication.  Thanks!
is teaching Troop Leadership Training today.
is thrilled that his son *PROPNAME* and wife *PROPNAME* are expecting!
wishes everyone a safe and Happy Thanksgiving.  I get to make the stuffing and turkey, *PROPNAME* gets the other stuff.
Merry Christmas everyone!
wishes everyone a Happy New Year!
is heading to San Antonio for the weekend
Why does facebook think I live in Atlanta?  Something is wrong with the targeted ads.  It is comforting to know, however, that I could still become a police officer or save 83% on my insurance.
wishes the Boy Scouts of America a very Happy 100th Birthday today!
Best newly discovered unhealthy snack disguised as a healthy one: yogurt-covered raisins  :D
Going through everyone's status messages from last night... yeah, so maybe I didn't do anything sexy or fun but I was at an event so >:P
Wow, even in 1963, *PROPNAME* was ranting about the "half-wit morons up in Sacramento" (just watch It's a Mad Mad Mad Mad World)
Just to be clear: Life is just a bowl of RAINIER cherries.  :D
Amadeus is quite possibly the most perfectly made movie *ever*...  director's cut bits add even more to the perfection.
Ears are being blown out by two trombone players... sure, they're classically trained and playing Holst's "Mars, the Bringer of War", but it HURTS.  :P
32 days til the State Fair!  You better believe I have a count down going!!
Any one have any clue as to what the new novelty fried fair food is going to be this year???  What was at the OC county fair?  I'm plotting my plan of attack at the State Fair...  ;)
Devising ways to oust the old tenant out of *my* new place.  Not too happy that he's choosing to take another week to move out.  >:P
This hair-brainedness needs to cease... NOW.  :P
MMmmmmmm Trader Joes tart frozen yogurt... makes a mouth VERY happeh!!  :D
Going to have to severely restrain my impulse to gallop around the State Fair, squealing at the top of my lungs with glee.  :D
Already sleepy time again...  I blame lunch from Bread Store.
Missed the forest and smacked into a couple of the trees while I was at it too.  :P
Nothing personal against you all as a species, ants, but mi casa es just not su casa.
How did a non-coffee drinker like me end up hooked on cappuccinos?
Okay Bears... Channel that anger and use it to cream the competition next week.
Allergy season for *PROPNAME* is commencing...  *hack*hack*hack*   :P   I'm not contagious, promise!
Pipe dream for the day: Being a Wagnerian soprano.  I can shriek but not in tune.  :P
Sorry, People magazine... your "sexy" guys can't hold a candle to the men of the 40s, 50s and 60s... *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*...
Stupid PC... seriously asking to get chucked out the window.  But in the spirit of the season, it shall be spared.
First there was TIGER; then TIGGER; and now LUST.  The alphabet soup of federal bureaucrats never ceases to amuse me.  And how ironic LUST stands for so-not-sexy "Leaking Underground Storage Tanks".
I'm not quite sure how I feel about having my singing voice compared to *PROPNAME* (especially when the boyfriend makes the comparison).
Does it count as a new years resolutiion to resolve to watch every episode of a TV series?
Cold weather, lack of sunshine and fog all breed pestilence... Everything seems to be taking a quick swing at me too -- never taking up residence (knock on wood), but slowly trying to knock me out with a few quick jabs and sucker punches.
ive come to the conclusion that some people are really just not worth it - grow up n learn to forgive xxx
bubbles n apple 2gether again woop :D
2 sleepovers in 2 days - both amazin but am now shattered :P good times :D
oh cómo me gusta cantar y hablar español
Well done!! everyones done soo well so far n talk about energy :D - just 1 show left
media is kl :D
im in college yet im onb facebook - oh medias great :D
is fed up with messin with the relationship status n is goin to upload pics :D
wow y do i always seem to have massive convos over the most simplest of things lol
soy feliz :D
today was gd fun - was kl seein ppl :D
that took 4ever!
is very happy - for myself n for charlotte woop :D  p.s. cheers for the car lol :P
ppl please stop sendin messages - ur ovloadin facebook :P ahhh its gay
Not really sure y everyone was so dissapointed by the HP film - i thought it was rather gd :D
yayness - i am happy :) :)
was pretty awesome 2night guys :) - cheers n yay for cars :P
eatin out of date chicken n out of date cucumber  :S  oh dear
had fun last night - was a gd party n other stuff etc etc :P
weeekend :)
really hopin this campin thing isnt goin to be as bad as im imaginin - no msn, n minimal hygiene *hides* bye ppl see u in 3 days!
is gettin rather annoyed at her innability to concentrate n get this one piece of business work finnished grrr - is resisting goin on msn though
grrrr bloody personal statement - have spent about 4 hours on it now n still have to get rid of 3 lines - its takin just as long to delete parts as it did to write the whole thing :( :(
mi novio aprende español - que bonito impresionante :)
feels like sleepin all the way to monday
My party was brilliant so thanku everyne who came :) - thanx also too everyone who gave me a gift or card they are all amazing and very lovely, so cheers :) xxx
Yay for tomorrow :P
Smile :)
BYE PPL! spt has again been amaze n cant wait till next year! Especially bye to *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, n *PROPNAME* - though im sure ill see u all again at some point! Have a great holiday!!! xxxx
n now its all over :( - cant get seasons of love out my head though lol  was a pretty gd night tbh :)
wats better than a cookie?... a GIANT cookie loool mmm yum :)
muy infeliz
Feliz navidad!! xxx
Thanku sooooo much everyone for my birthday comments - im very happy :) xxxx
Ohhh theres so many gd things to look forward tooo - cant wait!   :D
abburido...
facebook is all changed - i swear it wasnt that long ago i came on here!
Wooo - i am so very happy :D
is sleepy, excited, and wondering...
is in need of sleep and clean laundry
wants someone to see My Sister's Keeper with her!!!!!!!!!
brokan lttrs hart hot ppl lif goo kim kool
is so tired...yawn
needs to catch up on sleep...
is soooo sleepy
is going to chill tonight, maybe order thai, and just relax....
is kinda confused....sigh
is listening to *PROPNAME* like it is her job, is hungry and unsure of what to eat, and is questioning everything and yet nothing....blah hungry like a wolf!
got Skype, and is still figuring out how to use it...like in that she has no idea how to since she just downloaded it...
feels like it is off to the first day of school tomorrow, has the cleanest room ever, and is really happy :)
is not loving the rain. sigh
is happier today. Today was better. She talked to her supervisor, and an amazing thing happened...things got better. Oh and life is good with Thai food. YUMMY!! I love you....
is not loving the new gig, is praying something better comes along, and would like to see the new Harry P movie. Oh and could use a long nap
wants to go see Harry P. and would love to go back to sleep, but there is stuff that needs to get done. Booo...
is tired. is trying to get energy to get out. oh boo.
going out with the coolest chica EVA! *PROPNAME*, would you go on a date? Perhaps it is fate!
is in need of a nap.
is so brainwashed by Neutrogena ads. Praying for those who have less and for the strength to love all she has with patience
feels a bit lost sigh that is life
is not knowing what to do with the time she has on her hands. Park, stalking squirrels? Ugh...Does anyone need to hire an assistant? Boo
has no idea where the time has gone. August? Seriously? Where did July go?
IT'S A SUNSHINE DAY!!! laaa
so tired after The Great Urban Race with Stella. She is a rock solid awesome teammate. Now off to D&B to celebrate the big 24 with *PROPNAME*! Yay busy and fun weekends!
is feeling better...the rain cleanses...vule vooo
is happy to see no rain, hopes it lasts, is excited for what comes next, misses buddies back home, appreciates the buddies she is making up here
is so sore, but super happy about the new New Moon trailer. Sigh...
needs one day at a time...sigh
is not really good at catching up on sleep
is surprised that *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* are engaged. Found out not at Perez..
watching "Speak" with pre-Twilight *PROPNAME*. Love her. So over this week. Need some Post Grad
is happy when friends call out of the blue- *PROPNAME*, friends take random midnight walks with you- *PROPNAME*, and friends who make you crazy addicts for shows like "dead like me" - *PROPNAME*.
omg trader joes delivers to me...yay
has the place to herself this weekend...hhmmm
is really missing her friends from back home. She loves each and everyone of you...you know who you special people are :)
was not impressed with Gossip Girl tonight. It better step it up, or I'm no longer watching
is so happy it is friday. laundry, library, sleep. ahhh
loves beautiful days in NY with beautiful people, has a new temp gig starting Monday, has an interview Monday, and is pretty much loving life! xoxo
can't sleep. Wishing she was 10 years old, and not about to be 24. Misses people, misses less worries, wishes people kept promises of yesterday, wishes things were as easy as swiping a credit card in life...
my toe hurts, i hate work, i am tired. i am so not a grown up...
thinks Vampire Diaries is helping her longing for the next Twilight movie be tamed. OOO sooo sexy!  *PROPNAME* is soo much hotter than RP.
is a bit stressed
just cried like a small child for *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*'s wedding. I want to marry *PROPNAME*...so beautiful
is soooo sleepy.....zzzzzzzzzzzzz
is very cold, feeling jumpy, and ahhhhhhhh
can't wait til New Moon!
is going to go have a chill day. all is going to be good :)
songs from back in the day make her smile, wants it to be Friday already, and loves that for every worry she has her mom is there to tell her she will have a happily ever after :)
what what! The leaves are a turnin' yellow! I hold the power of the button that lets people in the door..mwawaahh haha
met 2 girls named *PROPNAME* in line at Duane under the age of one, saw *PROPNAME* in the latest issue of GQ, and is happy that buying a new toothbrush head makes her believe in the world of new and wonderful possibilities. Love to all today and every other :)
just got a call for an interview for a job she applied for back in June. Go figure. Sometimes things take time. Cross your fingers :)
New York Marathon happening right outside her window. WOOOO
is just not able to win on Vampire Wars..booo..at least she lives in NYC! Yay!
listening like crazy to the Glee soundtrack, happy in her very clean room, excited for new beginnings, grateful for today, tomorrow, and everyday, even the bad ones :) a hug for everyone!
thanks you so much for all the birthday wishes! She had a really amazing time :) xoxo
the best ways to get rid of Moody Mondays, and the past few days of moodiness are to talk to mom, volunteer, talk to *PROPNAME*, watch an amazing episode of Dexter, and be thankful for all the blessings in life that are free for the taking :)
squeals of little girl delight! Going home to South Florida tomorrow! Been over 6 months :)
spending her Saturday night home watching movies with Hot Cocoa. Yum!
has only 3 more days left before she gives her life away for *PROPNAME*'s Market Week...sigh..lol
has one extra day then she expected and begins her hardcore assignment Sunday, not Saturday. One day of extra rest never hurt anyone :)
- smile and the whole world smiles with you. - motivation, not desperation will get you what you want. - the only way to go is up. - family is always there for you, and having even a handful of reliable friends makes life even better :)
clocked in 14 hours today. Smiled at *PROPNAME* like a moron as she walked by...umm how was I to know what she looked like? At least I know who she is. Fashion is hard. Models are very nice though. Til next Tuesday...
wants to be like *PROPNAME* and do a monologue of all her thoughts and feelings. If only the audience were up to it. Hmmm...
had a better day than yesterday. Lack of sleep makes *PROPNAME* an unhappy girl
#&*(@^!)& &*()!&*(#^!(*)@!*( ^*!&*(
is walking on sunshine! Cold weather, hot cocoa, New Moon coming soon, good food in the tummy, and a brighter outlook on life. Yay! It is true... those things do pass, and sometimes they need a helping kick out the door. :) lol
drum roll please...76.5 hours this week of working. :) Going back in at 7:30, then it is over Tuesday..yay
is sooo happy. Things are coming together. So grateful for all the wondeful people in life that make it so great. Just so so so so happy!
had a great time in the snow, seeing "Mr. Big" with *PROPNAME*and *PROPNAME*, and is happily relaxing now...but such a pity about *PROPNAME*. Live life to the fullest :)
is going to see The Lovely Bones, cause it is already out in NYC..yay!
is still thinking about how amazing the season finale of Dexter was...wow. And is now hooked on Lost...she gets it now. Still agonizing over seeing Boone go bye bye...sexy sexy man
needs a love song that speaks of boots that take your breath away, or the sadness inside you feel when a beautiful piece of clothing costs more than a teeth cleaning. No more of this stuff about wishing a guy//girl would love you. How about wishing you had a place to wear a $3,000 gown? Could afford a $3,000 gown? :)
is sharing the secrets of the best products she has used lately. The InStyler- amazing hair, even with light mist outdoors. Urban Decay Primer Potion- I rub my eyes a lot and it still stays (wish it worked for mascara). Forever Makeup Aqua Eyes- gorgeous colors you will get tons of compliments, and it stays! Love to all :)
is happy for the new year and is excited for all the wonderful things that are here now and are in the future :) xoxo
is having one of those days, but thankfully has come to the realization that moments do pass and tomorrow is a new day and the problems of this week will be a faded memory when next week comes around.
soooooooooooooo EXCITED to see *PROPNAME* cause she ROCKS! In the meantime I am lmao at www.notalwaysright.com
is going to see *PROPNAME*..WOOO...is going to see *PROPNAME*...WOOO! So psyched!!!!
had delicious Thai food, needs to clean tomorrow, and is excited about getting busy at her new job
is looking at old photos...and is kinda glad she takes them off facebook every so often, so that she has them all to herself, and it helps her make sure she keeps moving forward  ;)
is pondering...how many people pop up on your facebook homepage you can barely recall having talked to in the last year? Hmmm....life it changes
is lost, but in 2010 hopefully she will find her way and is making a promise to put herself first :)
ugh that *PROPNAME* has the face of a nightmare...ewww
wants to be like the cute old couple on third avenue who sit outside, rain or shine, together happily watching people walk by...
has been a negative person this week, and although the week is not up yet she will turn it around. Looking for hope to ward off the restlessness
black
wants to pose a question...if you could go back to several times in your life you wish you could do differently would you?
is happy things are coming together for her job and self-wise...is a lot busier than she realized...feels good about keeping her resolution to be selfish to herself...and is letting other people make the effort, and it is great :)
is sleepy, loves *PROPNAME*'s new blog, *PROPNAME*'s remodeled blog, *PROPNAME*'s new makeup, and is so pumped for New Moon!!! Did she mention she has the new CD and loves it?
used to like facebook more, but it just is not the same...maybe it is time to change things up...
is fulfilled in life! Is sooooo excited for everything! :)
is sleepy, is sooo happy and content, is so lucky to have the many wonderful people she has in her life, and is really happy to have the opportunity to have work in such a crazy economy :)
has a bump on her head she has no idea where it came from, loves the cold weather, feels like a weight has been lifted from her, and is confident in her choices here on out.
plan to give away money!!!!
its that time of the year again!!!!!
stunned!!!!!!!
isssllliiipp ho gaya ji!!!!
where is the light that i seek?
to do or not to do...............
invisible
needs a vacation!!!!!!!!!!!!
fullllll tooo  bindassssssssssssssssssssssssssssss!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
just does it!!!
why do ppl bitch all the time!!!!!!!
is so excited to start a summer book club!!
can't wait for Transformers in IMAX tonight!! ?
is pole dancing on Saturday morning...LoL :)
reviewin stuff, like I do ?
is going to need a lot more upper body strength if I ever want to be a pole dancer
is so excited for fireworks! I love watching fireworks!!
going out to dinner :)
actually excited to go workout!
cannot WAIT to pet a dolphin. Are they as slimy as they look??
got super tan this weekend...I went from caramel to mocha...
is in a tropical mood...I need a fruity umbrella drink
is relaxing in the BAHAMAS :) ?
organizing things and getting excited about the Bahamas! ?
gettin stuff done! :-)
doing nerdy stuff in my room...reading Gentry magazine, organizing//cleaning things...TGISaturday ?
can't wait for the True Blood premiere ? I'm so into vampires right now
has Bahamas on my mind...11 days!
getting organized for the week!
is craving a bleu cheese burger and sweet potato fries
LOVED Transformers! So cool!!
thought District 9 was way cool!! Funny People sucked...
finally saw Star Trek. AWESOME. Space is so crazy
got my burger, fries AND a birthday cake milkshake. So happy :)
Traffic makes me SO angry...but I don't know who to be angry at! Grrrr so frustrating!!
has a test tomorrow!
one of my students has a pink graphing calculator, and I am a little jealous...6 years ago they did not come in pink :(
petted some dolphins today!!
studying...
snorkling is my workout for this week!
drinkin a V8...the taste is growing on me, I no longer feel like I'm drinking soup
is stressed OUT.
had the craziest vivid dream that I was pregnant. So weird!! Dream interpretation says this is a good symbol...
umm...wtf is wrong with *PROPNAME*?? I ? *PROPNAME*
woke up at 2:30pm today...guess I needed some sleep :)
had the BEST DAY EVER!!! :) I'm so happy ?
decided I'm going to start reading the Sookie Stackhouse books. I NEED a new vampire story to distract me from the craziness of my real life
Looking for someone who knows Latin, lives in the Palo Alto area, and wants to teach a small Latin II class (2 hours in the a.m., 3 times a week) for $27// hour.
cardio//weights workout followed by yoga class. Feeling motivated today! Getting stuff DONE!
hello fall weather!! I love this...I'm so happy!
super excited for: ? dinner tonight w// *PROPNAME*? manicure today ? pole dance workout class tomorrow ? Halloween!!
I LOVE the Build-A-Bear Workshop! I know it's technically for little kids...but I had so much fun trying outfits on my bunny!!
just booked a flight to LA this weekend, and paid a whopping $13.20 roundtrip, thanks to an eVoucher from my mom. Thanks Mom!! :-)
Last night I dreamt that I was a real housewife of ATL, and NeNe was trying to start some drama with me! I was ready to fight her! Then I woke up...
probably the busiest I have ever been in my life
excited For the Love of *PROPNAME*...now I have a new trashy reality show to enjoy on Monday nights! Why do I find these shows so entertaining??
3rd grade classroom on day b4 Halloween = craziness.
studying in the morning, teaching after noon, then class till 10pm...I feel like my day is backwards
Happy Halloween everyone :-)
I like *PROPNAME*'s designs a lot, but she's such a b*tch I kinda of don't want her to win Project Runway! I vote for Althea...she's adorable
“You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.” *PROPNAME*
spending the next few hours reading about Language Arts framework, consonant digraphs and vowel diphthongs...yay...PSYCH!! :(
a little irked that *PROPNAME* won, but her collection really was gorgeous
is thankful for everyone and everything. My life is beautiful and I am such a lucky girl. ? & ?...Happy Thanksgiving! Love you all!
at Poletential , starting the weekend off right with a dance workout!
is addicted to *PROPNAME* biographies...don't ask me about her unless you have like 30 minutes to listen to me rave about how much I love her...I am so obsessed with her life story! Such an interesting person!
was disappointed that *PROPNAME* was not in the Victoria's Secret fashion show...girl is my favorite :(
language arts center @ Oak Knoll, lunch with Mom, GYM time, then I'm watching all the shows I DVRd this week. Yay Friday :-)
just started reading "Blonde" by *PROPNAME* (a fictional biography of *PROPNAME*). It's one of those books that all day you are just dying for the opportunity to read a little more...oh how I love books
can officially play The Eagles, Please Come Home for Christmas, without feeling off-season. I love that song! Happy holidays everyone :-)
I ? Sunday
so excited for new Cleveland Show, Family Guy and American Dad tonight!
Brand-new whiteboard markers make me happy...so inky!
I like my horoscope today: "It's the time to play. Why play halfway? Go ahead. Have the fun you're after. All of it."
so excited for pole class tonight! Making a pole playlist, just for fun. Newest addition: Criminal - *PROPNAME*
I can't wait until my custom-designed Flip Mino camcorder with the pink butterflies on it gets here!! Friends, prepare to be filmed...I'll be going crazy with this thing
Avatar is my new favorite movie of all time!! So awesome! ? Neytiri...seriously the prettiest alien ever
finished Still Life With Woodpecker. Weird book!!
I ? to Christmas shop! I just wrapped all my presents and put them under the tree...can't wait for my family to open them!
Merry Christmas Eve! Being a good girl today, going to the gym and then church! ?
@ dance class ?
can't wait to see The Princess and the Frog tonight with *PROPNAME*!!
"*PROPNAME*" and "*PROPNAME*" are my two middle names. Everyone calm down now...
can't wait for class tomorrow. I ? the 1st day of school :)
had cake & ice cream for breakfast
M.I.A. until I finish my projects, tests and CSET this Saturday! Work work work...
Thanks friends, I had a really special birthday :)
misses the beach already...
loved The Princess and the Frog...I almost cried! Finally at age 24 I get to see a Disney Princess on the big screen, and it was so special to me...I just ? this movie! *PROPNAME* you are the perfect date! xoxoxox
excited...my show is on in 30. RHWNJ reunion, part 1!! ?
do not EVER book your trips through Travelocity...they tried to charge me three times for the same booking!!! GRRRRRRRR
just finished the CSET. didn't think it was that hard, which either means I bombed it or I nailed it. We shall see...now I am napping :-)
I ? my Flip Video cam so much!
just booked VEGAS. So excited!!
is really really sore from dance yesterday! I can't wait for my muscles to get stronger so I can do more crazy stuff
made my 1st iMovie! My fave clips of me dancing to Aerosmith "Crazy"...haha :)
I have a love//hate relationship with the Stairmaster
new favorite cocktail = Champagne & Chambord...delicious!
Monday a.m. Yoga...*sigh* my life is SO hard ;)
got a new shampoo//conditioner and I'm excited to shower so I can try it!
is thinking of doing BOTH Stairmaster//booty exercises AND Tricked Out Pole class tonight. Workout obsessed!!
Does anyone have a stud finder and a drill I can borrow?
is excited for *PROPNAME*'s Birthday! Don't forget your one dollar bills girls!! Haha :)
leopard ?
passed all 3 subtests of the CSET in one go, and I never even did a practice test. I AM AWESOME.
this is the last Sunday I have to work. Yess! Weekend getaways here I come...I'm thinking LA...
re-arranged all the furniture in my room today to make way for the pole. I love re-arranging furniture, it makes me feel so accomplished!
had a super fun sleepover with *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* last night! Next time we'll do pole vids and photoshoot!
happy I was able to squeeze in a 30 minute pole workout before tutoring and class today...I'm proud of myself! Gettin stuff done!
is all tricked out...dang that pole class was hard!! All the more reason to go back next week...
ok I think I worked out too much today...everything hurts...but I had fun! :)
watching the Puppy Bowl...I want them all!
finally got a chance to watch The Bachelor episode 3...omg that *PROPNAME* girl was psycho!!
excited for the winter olympics!
did 45 minutes of dance, 8 minute abs, 8 minute buns, stretching, dog walking...NOW I can relax, watch Jersey Shore reunion and eat ice cream! :-)
when I have my own classroom, I will have a giant NO WHINING sign on the wall and every time a kid whines I'm just gonna point to it
I want to join *PROPNAME*'s Millionaire's Club
I love to watch Olympic Figure skating!!
is resting her voice...stupid laryngitis
thinks that if she did not work Mondays she would really like her job hahahaha...lunch then soooo much to do to get up to date after the weekend!
is in bed dreaming of nerdy firemen hahahahaha
is in bed dreaming of nonbaryonic dark matter…**Sigh** facebook quizzes are fun
is so happy it is Friday!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Time with *PROPNAME* and then home to sleep-in all weekend and get some rest! Three weeks with this head cold is a bit much...
is off lunch and back to work....until 6pm
is missing her nieces and sissy in Inverness
is having a hard time living with no phone :o( Come on dal hook me up already!!! (Work until 6pm...facebook is the best way to contact me right now)
is heading home!
is happy it's her birthday!!! Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes :o)
has tickets to 'Thunder from Down Under"...going to the bank to get some American $1.00 bills :oP ***WOOT*** I have a feeling my 2nd 22 b-day is going to be awesome and slightly ridiculous :o) Bath then bed...time and a half tomorrow
is at work....one more hour then sushi date with *PROPNAME*. Feeling sleepy already....3 days to mon birthday!!!!! and le strippers :oP
just got home from shopping for our apartment with *PROPNAME*…I bought 600 thread count sheets and they feel like butter! ooooohhhhhh luxury sleep here I come :o)
two minutes into the show and I was already being 'man-handled'....<3
is celebrating her second year single anniversary…or Personal-independence day for me :oP
is honestly pretty bla today...wish I could go home to Cape Breton and sit on the beach in the sun
is thanking everyone for the birthday wishes :o) Cleaning my apartment!! Laundry//dishes//the usual
thinks that a slow day at work seems to last sooo much longer than a busy one! Tick, tock...come on 6pm!!!
has tickets to 'Thunder from Down Under"...going to the bank to get some American $1.00 bills :oP ***WOOT*** I have a feeling my 2nd 22 b-day is going to be awesome and slightly ridiculous :o)
wishes she never hear of a sciatic nerve…stupid back! Doctors appointment then work.
has decided, after some careful contemplation, to turn 22 this year. Age is a state of mind and I am feeling early 20-ish...:oP
is deep in thought. At lunch then back to work until 6pm.
home to clean up the house, shower then back to *PROPNAME*'s
...my kingdom for a back! lol *PROPNAME* is full of Olympians from every country…watched the Turkish team check in last night :o) Ethnic men are BEAUTIFUL!! :o)
off to work out with *PROPNAME* (Y)
finds it hard to understand some American reactions about Health Care Reform…they seem so “the end is here”…laundry, chatting to Mom and giving some TLC to my orchids
would like to go home for a weekend here and there...I work Mon-Fri 10-6pm...if you are headed toward the Cape let me know :o) Fall term classes: Tue//Wed//Thu...no school Mon//Fri
is reading "Act like a lady, think like a man" on her lunch...understanding the male psyche is the first step to taking over the world :oP
is having a hard time living with no phone :o( Come on dal hook me up already!!!
has decided, after some careful contemplation, to turn 22 this year. Age is a state of mind and I am feeling early 20-ish...:oP B-day in 4 days :oD
needs to make herself a budget...school supplies (aka coffee maker :oP) and a gym pass??? First term books = $350.00 I wonder what qualifications I need to write//publish text books?
realizes that maybe she will not move to Hawaii…this heat and humidity is killing me slowly. Cleaned her apartment yesterday in the heat and swears she sweat off 10lbs!
is working until 6
wants to go home! 10 more minutes...why are work days so much longer than weekend day?
is getting some work done, then cleaning my room//apartment!...it is HOTTTT outside!
is locking up the office and heading home...*PROPNAME* call me soon :o) Re-potting orchids then to *PROPNAME*! Have a good night all!!!
working until 6pm...home to re-pot orchids then off to *PROPNAME*'s for the night!
"It's not 'THAT' the wind is blowing...it's 'WHAT' the wind is blowing"
at work until 6pm...great day! Excited that my *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* might be planning a trip...now to wait until November lol.
*PROPNAME* and I unpacked, cleaned//organized our home :o) Now we have clutter-free space and even our kitchen looks bigger! Wait until you get home Shelly-Bean and see our neat place :o)
Getting ready for *PROPNAME*. Bought enough non-perishable food for three days. Flashlight//batteries. Check. First-aid kit. Check. Bottling some water. Check. Old towels, in case windows leak. Check. Today: laundry, cleaning and making sure nothing important is on the floor.
My horoscope today is awesome hahahaha....it reminds me of...well most days :oP "*PROPNAME*, If you are single, this is not the best day to get out to meet new people. The people you meet will be strange or dysfunctional in some way."
...just starting to get windy//rainy in Halifax, making eggs and coffee just in case the power goes!
:o) there are 3 Swedish guys on my floor this year....***WOOT***
is flying through the Sookie Stackhouse series :oP Loved the last book I read "Club Dead" but "Dead to the World" is not impressing me yet at page 110...urg!
is at work...School on the 10th and I am so excited! *PROPNAME* is home :o) Life is good.
wishes she worked the front desk at *PROPNAME* so she could enjoy looking at the Olympic athletes…**sigh**
Oh no!!!! I have a class deep in the bowels of the LSC...I will die in the catacombs and never see sunlight again. I was lost underground in the LSC for an entire hour once :oS
is fantasizing about kicking washing machines and dreaming about joining a radical-feminist group...urrg. I want to go home!
is at work, off tomorrow and then working the weekend for student check in...bring on the scared//excited students and parents lol!
really wants to learn some form of self-defence (or better yet offence :oP). Checking the *PROPNAME* website for classes...
thinks her temper is her worst quality…bla! *PROPNAME* come home I miss you!
work, work, work until 6. Day-off tomorrow to have pulmonary function tests...they are going to try and prove that I have asthma by trying to induce an asthma attack...fun times :oP I will wear my running shoes lol!
at work until 6pm then repotting two orchids.
is done doing silly quizzes...but they are so funny!!!  Good-night everyone!
is at work then the mall then off to *PROPNAME*'s :o)
is living with her personal trainer this week...Kapo, ab-ripper, kickboxing and cardio.
worst night ever! then I get this message? "hey so i just moved up here and ill be honest, living with someone but not getting needs met sexually and hoping to find someone in same position or at least who understands and can be discrete, if you may be interested let me know ,if not i am very sorry to have bothered you" I could be a god damn serial killer who gets off setting people on fire urg I fucking hate people!
had a wonderful talk with *PROPNAME*! Now to get a chance to chat with Heather and I will be totally happy :o) Looking for a job this week. "Just keep swimming, just keep swimming, just keep swimming, swimming, swimming"
wants to go home!!!
wonders why the tigerbooks link is broken half the time! I am trying to sell some books damn you! (I <3  Coffee)
working then to the gym
is deep in lust and going to bed :oP
has internet again!!!!!
...according to my personality profile my ideal partner is an ISTJ...interesting
truly believes in Murphy’s law…felt like giving up today, like quitting…I am going to keep going. Not sure how far I will get but I am going to push until they throw me out of here lol.
walked out of her house and onto a movie site this morning...."CUT!!!"...she said sorry and hurried out of the way....wow the lights were so bright!
is wishing her big-Ssista a super-awesome-tastic birthday!!!!!!!! I <3  you *PROPNAME*!!!!!!!!
is reading her new textbooks...so excited about taking Human Sexuality! I am going to make an A+
is at work until 1pm then maybe selling a book? Off with *PROPNAME* after that!!!!!
is at work until 6
“Just keep swimming, just keep swimming…” I am going to make that song my new theme song :oP Covered in hives so gone to buy some meds. Allergy doctor’s apt Oct 28 :o)
F.M.L. busy and stressed this week…midterms, assignments, papers, and working overtime for Open House…when I finish school I am running away to Hawaii and becoming an illegal immigrant
Working until 1pm then home to take a long shower and wash off my sour mood! Meeting *PROPNAME*’s Dad today!!!!!! :o)
has a bit of a fever....why is the H1N1 flu shot not out yet? Urrrrg I will be mad if I get sick :o(
cleaning, studying and then some laundry...I <3  Fridays :oP
@work, then home to study and clean.
Allergy specialist Wednesday so I cannot take Reactine for a few days…trying not to scratch! Bed soon, work tomorrow.
work today 8:30-4:30. Open House at *PROPNAME*! Stood outside in the freezing rain and now my mitts and scarf are soaked :oS Hahahahaha Come on weekend!
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT- if you are reading this, whether we do or don't speak often, please post a comment of the first memory you have of you and me that pops in your head. When you've finished, post this paragraph on your own status; you'll be surprised what people remember about you!
tired and feeling sick, gone to bed! Sore throat, feet, legs and I get to do it again tomorrow.
work, work, work and then home to clean
...my doctor says I have "a cute virus"…or something like that Bahahahaha No H1N1 here…yet! Bath, lots of liquids and I might even take a nap. Need to get better for date night with *PROPNAME* tomorrow!
...no vaccine for me today :o(  uurrg I wonder if I could fake being pregnant to get in line? Bahahaha probably not :oP Hopefully I can get the vaccine soon....friggin asthma!!!
home from my midterm and now doing homework...class tonight until 7 :o(
wishes someone would invent a cure for migraines…third day with a headache so much work to do this weekend!!! Coffee, Tylenol and studying.
used to be a happy person…bread maker shorted out and caught fire :o( Out of our apartment for 2-3weeks while they repair damage…AHHHHHHHHHH!?!?!?!?!
…gone to pack up and move everything out of our 3-bedroom apartment and into our temp 2-bedroom apartment :oS
Exciting Saturday plans: write a literature review, study for my midterm Tuesday, grocery shopping, cleaning our apartment and maybe some late night laundry :o)
...fighting the flu with clementines. I carry them everywhere and when someone coughs//sneezes without covering their face ***WACK** I smack them with one and it works like a charm :oP
has internet again!!!!! So much work//studying to do....midterms woo hoo
@work until 1:00pm them home to write a paper and study for my first exam!! (Too busy for life and facebook this week)
@work until 1:00pm them home to write a paper and study for my first exam!!
working until 1:00pm...really needs a break
…wonders when living switched to just surviving. My life is covered in soot and stale sprinkler water. Work then gone to move some more stuff to our temp place…class presentation tonight :oS Can you get 'stress leave' from life?
thinks if she was less moral she would have a lot more money hahahaha!
burr, burr I am not ready for the cold...why can't I acclimatize! I need to start cold weather training in July lol.
...well I never knew I had a sister named *PROPNAME*?!?!?!?! Bahahahaha *PROPNAME* you made me laugh even though you were not here!!
Community Health Promotion exam tomorrow...bed soon, then I can start thinking about it being almost the holidays :o)
finished her last presentation tonight!!! Now two exams tomorrow morning...on the bright side one of them is Human sexuality :oD I am a total erotophile and proud of it :oP
bed, bed, bed, work tomorrow.
gone to *PROPNAME*'s!!!
work and then study, study, study!!!
uuummmmmmmmmm all men should learn how to dance before they are allowed to have sex with women :o) I love men!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
...loves posting pictures and playing "who do my nieces look most like" Working, then home to finish my paper and study
packing, packing, packing....burnt out. Moving back to Glengary tomorrow, working Friday then headed to Cape Breton Friday at 1:00pm with *PROPNAME*.....F*****WWWWKKKKKKK this entire year! I am so over moving three times in four months...FML....back to packing!
sore from moving last night...wind-burnt on my face and hands (I am so sexy bahahaha). FINALLY back in our apartment!...and leaving the mess to go home for the holidays :o) Working 9:30am-12:30pm running home to get *PROPNAME* then running to the shuttle and heading to Inverness @1:15pm :o) If we miss the shuttle you will see us sleeping on Spring Garden :oP...hummm cab to the shuttle it is!!!
uuurrrggggg...and then it all went to shit!
profane messages make my day hahahahaha…shower, pj’s, late news, then bed…wondering if you can actually classify the “best sex of your life”?
is gone to flirt shamelessly with police officers at their Christmas party. Is there anything better than a man in uniform? WAIT! One with handcuffs :oP
is eating an apple she got from a stranger...what is the worst thing that could happen? :oP
thinks she must say her name strangle when answering the phone at work, as most ppl hear (*PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, and *PROPNAME*)...I am not sure how they get that from "*PROPNAME* speaking" lol but it is funny to be called *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*??? Crazy day lol
has been in Cape Breton for 10 days...and has read 8 novels. Humm I almost wish I had studying to do lol. But everyone here is soooo nice :o)
...*PROPNAME* is leaving today to have an adventure...I miss her already.
...when the printer broke at work today, who do you think was asked to stand and manually feed the paper tray one sheet at a time? FML...University education, peer mediation//drug//suicide intervention training, International coordinating experience...I am a paper tray bahahahahaha! (Work until 1pm then class until 7:30pm)
is gone home for the day....
getting off work at 6:00pm, WalMart then Harry Potter@9:40pm with the twinnies!!!!
getting ready for the storm to hit Cape Breton...shuttle tomorrow to Halifax (I hope)
R.I.P Sergent *PROPNAME*...my thoughts and sympathy to your friends and family. You always made me laugh even when I wanted to cry...NS has lost a great soldier
...hopes that Canada sends some help to Port-Au-Prince Haiti today
...gone to bed with *PROPNAME*' Red Dragon
...makin' supper then laundry and a little homework
...heading to the gym with *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME* and my sista!!
the end of the summer business season is here...slow days of work ahead...facebook quiz time hahahaha. Well some of them are fun.
is wondering what hurricane Bill is going to be like...getting ready just in case :o)
...work, class and gym tonight!
wants everyone to fill out the big five personality quiz I am sending out :o)
great time at the gym, thanks ladies and *PROPNAME*! To bed to sleep, to sleep to dream...
is an atheist please respect my beliefs and stop sending me jesus, god and (insert other deity) crap. Thanks.
is working, working, working...
classes, maybe a movie with the twinnies after classes
...getting some readings done for class. Work and class demain.
Is so far away from the people who care about her…feeling really sad//upset tonight.
yeah *PROPNAME* is home! Work until 6pm.
…over the counter back pills make me sleepy, not good when I have classes all day :oS
is home from work, lunch then classes until 7:30pm. Feeling so run-down…wish I could trade body’s or immune systems with someone. Might find out what is wrong with me soon! Waiting for another CT scan.
…back to work//school and feeling exhausted :oS Hope I am not getting sick!
Was asked why our University has co-ed bathrooms by a lady from Texas today. When I replied because co-ed washrooms are inclusive for everyone, especially people who fall somewhere between our male//female definition...she replied “Pufff that must be a Canadian thing”. Inclusion..a Canadian thing :o)
...it’s winter, it’s spring, it’s winter, it’s spring, it’s winter…I am noticing a pattern with this weather.
...it’s winter, it’s spring, it’s winter, it’s spring, it’s winter…I am noticing a patter with this weather.
...yeah it's FRIDAY! Class and then some homework :o) *PROPNAME*'s is a rotten, lame movie!
...off to work. Work part-time, class full-time, life? no time :oP
It’s "Doppelgänger Week" on Facebook. Change your profile pic to someone famous you've been told you resemble. And repost this
is checking out *PROPNAME*'s challenges...I might try out a few. Nothing wrong with eating more raw veggies or going Vegan for a month :o)
...just keep swimming, studying.
busy and stressed out today!
...surround yourself with people in your life who make all of the work//effort//time worth it.
...loves *PROPNAME*'s "What do you want from me?"
...is sooo excited that she bought one of *PROPNAME*'s rapure pies from Sobeys. Life is good :o) Olympics at 7 or 7:30pm tonight!
places to go, people to see, papers to write and homework to read. Having a productive day :o)
says Thank You So Much to everyone who helped to make The Graduation a Huge Success!
Noticed that the FDIC closed SEVEN banks today.  Usually it is zero, one, two, or three.  Last week it was five.  That was a little bit disturbing.  But seven?  Query: will it always be a prime number?
also watches the chickens (6) after work.
is irritated that, the day after he got his new modem, the blogging service went down for an upgrade.
is back online, after four days with no modem.
got twenty pounds of freshly-roasted chile today.  Now my Subaru will have a delightfully spicy aroma for a week or two.
notes: "Honey mesquite pods were a primary food of the residents of the SW North American deserts (Felger 1977). Pods are quite sweet and whole pod composition is 80% carbohydrate, 13% protein, 25% fiber, and 3% fat (Zolfaghari et al. 1982). The pods are 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick. If you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day.
tried transplanting palo verde trees today.  We'll see how they do.  If I can get one to grow by the arroyo, then everyone downstream will have them too. Eventually.
"If hard work were such a wonderful thing, surely the rich would have kept it all to themselves." --J *PROPNAME*,  former President of the AFL-CIO
did not expect to see snow, whilst planting daffodil bulbs.
Angel food cake with NO FROSTING.  Instead: brandied cherry-chocolate sauce!
4 inches of rain in the last 36 hours, with more to come.  (Normal is 8 inches per year.)  Plus there is snow on the mountains.
If you seek a pleasant peninsula...
I won't post any downer economic collapse articles this weekend; only growing things.
When I was younger I would record my favorite songs onto a piece of papyrus.
Has extra tickets for the University of Chicago graduation.   ... Can you believe it?  Stand in the rain for 45 minutes, then nobody even bothers to take your tickets when you get to the event.
*PROPNAME* got here last night.  The t-shirts and cherries came this morning.  Thank you, everyone.
No snow yet down south, but it is raining.  Snow is expected, but only a trace.
Trees arrived.  Weekend "chore:" plant Wonderful Pomegranate Tree, All-In-One Almond Tree, Pawnee Pecan Tree, and Stuart Pecan Tree.
Hard drive problem?  Made funny noises twice and failed to boot.  Finally booted (obviously).  I am going to install a new one now.  Don't expect updates for a few minutes (hah!).  Of course the last time this happened, I installed a new drive, used the old one for backup, and the old continued working for years.  So this could all be a waste of time and money.
About the clutter.  *PROPNAME* and I are playing Farmville.  This generates messages on Facebook, messages that are of no interest to anyone not playing.  To stop seeing this clutter, follow these steps: point your mouse at one of the offending items.  The word "hide appears in the upper right.  Click the word "hide".  Additional options appear.  Click "Hide Farmville." You still we see any of our other items.
put his hat on, and spent much of the afternoon collecting mesquite and yucca seeds, then buying them all over the place.  Few will ever sprout.  But some will.
Lunch: salad, with tuna and DRIED MICHIGAN CHERRIES.  Thanks, Mom.
is sad to see *PROPNAME* go, but very happy he was able to be here.
*PROPNAME* and I planted four trees on Monday, and today we got an inch of rain. There are two pecan trees (to pollinize each other), an all-in-one almond (two varieties grafted, so no additional pollinizer needed), and a pomegranate (self-pollinizing).  Life is easy, sometimes.
My cat is looking for the door into summer.
is glad that his car is not infested with Madagascar Hissing Cockroaches.
Note in my homeowner's insurance policy: "Discharge of a nuclear weapon shall be deemed a warlike act, even if accidental."  You can be sure that I will call and complain immediately if our house is destroyed by a nuclear weapon.
Here's what I tell anybody and this is what I believe. The greatest gift we have is the gift of life. We understand that. That comes from our Creator. We're given a body. Now you may not like it, but you can maximize that body the best it can be maximized. --Mike Ditka No thanks. --jcy
Has anyone figured out how to filter the Facebook feeds, using the new Facebook page?  I will be annoyed if this functionality has been lost.
0.7 inches of rain!!!
100% of people will not copy and paste this.
Thanks everyone for all the help.  At this point, Ijust need 1 harmess, 2 horseshoes, 2 nails, and 2 boards; no bricks.  I can give gifts of harnesses and horseshoes, as of this moment.
If you find yourself wondering about things such as "how long of a time period is 17% of eight hours?" and it makes your brain hurt to figure it out in your head, you can go to Google and type in "17% of eight hours" and it will tell you.
I have not blocked anyone.  Disregard any notice to the contrary.
is trying to get in touch with the notorious V.A.L.   Yo, *PROPNAME*, call be back sistah!
would now like to rename her son *PROPNAME*
is missing all of her CTY peeps.  She hopes they will keep her updated on what happening in that little town with big city problems.
is proud to admit she is a 35 year old mom who LOVES Eminem.
Date Night!  Woo Hoo!!!!!!!!!
loved hanging out with Klocks!
It is so true - your hair always looks great the day before you have a hair appointment.  However, as soon as I step out in this humidity, I will be jolted back to reality.
enjoyed her Wednesday night.
is helping her husband start his facebook account.  Oh no.
heard someone say that status updates are the ultimate form of narcissism.  Got her thinkin'.  Could that be true?
is wondering how the 8lb kid and the 91lb dog will do in the back of the Altima on a road trip.  I guess we'll see!!
drank too much iced tea before bed.
It's raining, it's pouring...and I just flat ironed my hair.  Bleh.
is longing for the comfort of familiar.
is listening to my dog, my husband, and my baby snore...simultaneously.  I AM SURROUNDED!!!
is once again wishing for a gardener and a maid.
doesn't think Carlisle is going to happen this summer.  Sorry guys!
messing with her new MacBook Pro, thanks Albemarle County!
is hoping *PROPNAME* slept through the night for *PROPNAME*.
Happy Birthday, Cash!
in need of a babysitter the afternoon and evening of UVA v. VT...any ideas?  Know any great sitters?  HELP!  :)
thinks she's a rock star...THINKS.  Bleh.
Bring it, Wankees.
is taking care of *PROPNAME* and his first cold.  Mommy no likey.
i wonder...
is thinking about a CTY reunion...hmmmm.......
is loving socialinterview.com
Recognized more silver lining than cloud on a fairly cloudy day - what a freeing experience!
Fly Eagles Fly!  On the road to victory!  Fight Eagles Fight! Get a touchdown one, two, three... (four, etc. etc.)  :)
My husband is out in the 18" playing with the dog and the neighbors' kids.  Gotta love him.
Anyone know a plow guy lookin' for work?  haha.  Seriously, if you know anyone that can get to us today or early tomorrow - send me the info, yo.
The largest front end loader I have ever seen just plowed our driveway.  Ah, the smell of freedom.
Raise your hand if you are snowed in AND consuming way too many calories.  I GOTTA GET OUTTA HERE!
Watching NCIS marathon.  Last time I did this, I investigated mysterious deaths all night long!  And I had to work the next day!
Reality check.  We are fortunate.  Prayers for Haiti.
believes thinking is over-rated.
Anyone interested in training for the Cville 10 miler with me?
To CTYers past and present, I urge you to do two things: 1) Dust off your Garden State soundtrack, there was a reason we listened to it non-stop for 42 days. 2) Mark July 16-18 in your calendar - we are all descending on the land of milk and honey.  Carlizzle fo' shizzle.
My FB font is huge - regular size on every other program - what did I do?  Help!
Inside Edition has hit an all time low.  Lead story: Will the crisis in Haiti affect the Golden Globe Awards?
Blame it on the a a a a a applejuice. Blame it on the a a a a a applejuice.
The lady at Panera didn't even have to ask me my name today. It showed up on my receipt - spelled correctly.  Maybe I need to hit up Greenberry's for a little bit.
Anyone have a gently-used treadmill they'd like to sell?
Heard since it's Vday weekend that people were changing their profile pics. Don't have a pictures of me and all three of my valentines (but *PROPNAME* is in the belly here) Can you imagine if I tried picking up *PROPNAME* now? :)
Thanks for all the mazal tovs // congratulations.  :-)
*PROPNAME* and I are engaged!  :-)  I'm so happy.
"This is the day, come what may I'll still be saying this is the day." Loving camp!  :-)
Two more weeks left of camp.  Looking forward to seeing *PROPNAME* on the Roof on Sunday, August 9th!
Thank goodness my voice is back.  :-)  Shabbat Shalom everyone!
I've officially booked an October flight to New York to visit my future husband.  :-)
Lesson planning and creating a calendar for the school year... hard to believe I will be teaching already on Sunday.
No one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick. No one should be unable to change jobs because of a "pre-existing condition." If you agree, please post this as your status for the rest of the day.
Shabbat Shalom!
I hate the fact that I currently have no computer.  It is not fun to have to borrow other people's computers.
I am thankful for webcams.  It is nice to be able to see my fiance online while he is in New York.  :-)
I'm liking my new desktop computer and thankful that it is not giving me any grief thus far.  :-) Shanah Tovah (Happy Jewish New Year)!
To all my Jewish friends: Gemar chatimah tovah.- May your final sealing (in the Book of Life) be good.
Enjoyed spending the weekend with my love.  Now it is back to the grind.
is hoping that everyone who fasted for Yom Kippur had an easy fast and a meaningful prayer experience.
Can't wait until Friday morning when I'll be in my fiance's arms.  :-)
Contemplating the Forms and Plato's utopian society as I write my paper on Plato.  Please note that I do not actually agree with Plato's ideas, but I find them fascinating.
I am getting less and less sleep due to midterms.  :-(
I'm so excited about my upcoming trip to New York!  :-)  I leave Thursday night on a red eye.
Please put this on your status if you know someone (or are related to someone) who is gay. My wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease: people who are gay are not looking for a cure but for ACCEPTANCE.
I see the light at the end of the tunnel!  Liturgy take home final due Friday and last but not least, Philosophy of Education paper to complete during Winter Break.
I hate having laryngitis as a songleader.  I want to be able to do my job, but I can't.  :-(
Now that *PROPNAME* has returned to New York, I am finally working on completing my philosophy of Jewish education paper.  It is pleasant to do school work after two weeks of rest, relaxation, and fun.  :-)
hanging out with *PROPNAME* :)
is happy to finally be home for a while after lots of running around lately!
sad about the loss of the elephant calf at the Memphis Zoo:(
would like to know why our water is off
is doing some major housecleaning!
didn't think that coming to take care of the water heater first thing in the morning meant 11...I guess there's still 45 mins until it afternoon!
just had a wonderful chat with *PROPNAME* on the phone and is about to start making dinner:)
went to see "The Hangover" tonight then came home to enjoy a nice relaxing jacuzzi tub bath with a glass of wine...life doesn't get much better than that!
For once I meant to let my phone battery die all the way before recharging and did I remember to plug it in once it reached that point? Not until just now...oops
is making rice krispies treats!
Is excited to have 2 more new books from Paperback swap but can't decide what to read now!
is annoyed that GM decided it would be cool to have some stupid ass bracket for wiper blades on the G6 resulting in me having to pay $70 for replacement blades.
had a good workout at the gym this afternoon, just took a nice relaxing jacuzzi bath and now off to bed with fresh from the dyer sheets. Ahhhhh fantastic:)
The first 2 Atlantic tropical storms, *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*, have formed. I'm not too worried but have to admit there's a little unease about the idea of something making it here. Afterall, this is my first rodeo!
*PROPNAME* and her friend are coming to visit me next weekend!!! So excited!!!
had a great day with a wonderful friend and a wonderful evening with a great boyfriend. I'm one lucky girl:)
Sometimes, I'll watch a movie that I watched when I was younger and suddenly realize I had no idea what the f**k was going on when I first saw it.
is nervous about getting cavities filled for the first time ever tomorrow:( The up side is that it probably isn't as bad as repair work from stepping on a shovel;) There I feel a bit better now!
is excited about dinner and movie date night:)
How many times is it appropriate to say "What?" before you just nod and smile because you still didn't hear what they said?
*PROPNAME* brought me breakfast in bed this morning, hanging out with *PROPNAME* later, then a delicious pineapple pork chop dinner made by *PROPNAME* and watching a movie..what a great day it's going to be!:D
If *PROPNAME* San Diego and *PROPNAME* ever got together, their offspring would probably just be completely invisible.
is trying to decide what to stock the fridge with so there is a chance that *PROPNAME* will eat something besides fast food for 5 days that I'm gone! :)
is a huge nerd and posting books on paperback swap:)
Bad news: Novocaine is wearing off so my mouth is hurting a bit now. Good news: I can now drink my pumpkin spice latte without dribbling:)
is glad that we waited to watch Wolverine as a rental.
is wondering how many people get themselves screwed out of money by not paying attention and keeping records of stuff. I just added another $70 to my "um no dumby actually I don't owe you that money" total. Yay me:)
I like all of the music in my iTunes, except when it's on shuffle, then I like about one in every fifteen songs in my iTunes.
"You try growing up in a trailer park with nothing but dust mites and Lithuanians and see where that gets you"..a line from a terrible movie on netflix on demand, but it made me giggle
is off to the gym!
is feeling productive after posting *PROPNAME*'s care on autotrader. If anyone is possibly interested in a 2006 Honda Civic Si for ~$13500 let me know. I will post the link too once it's officially up on the site!
off to the store to get the things I need to make caramel apple cookies. I hope that mine turn out as good as the picture! I also hope that they have the caramel bits I need at this Walmart!
is wondering what the heck? Last week my computer hard drive died and just a few minutes ago I got the blue screen of death from my DirecTV box saying a problem has been detected on my hard drive. Not cool.
Fantastic day of hanging out with friends and doing some shopping:) Relaxing on the couch reading for a bit
had a busy day. Time for a nap before possibly carving pumpkins this evening:)
perhaps *PROPNAME* putting off getting our Halloween costumes for so long was really his way of helping me find my awesome costume idea :)
Happy Halloween! Almost timet to make some snacks for the party tonight:)
Carving pumpkins with *PROPNAME*...pictures to come soon:)
shooting and punching some stuff in Borderlands:)
just heard a commercial on the radio about some pill to lower cholesterol. They actually said "Do you have high cholesterol due to poor diet or lack of exercise? Then you need to try this"  No, actually you need to try improving your diet and exercising a bit first.  Just a crazy thought I had...
is happy that my new hard drive is installed. Yay!
is pretty sure I'm coming down with whatever *PROPNAME* considering I just folded a load of towels and now feel completely drained.  The good news is that the TV is working again:)
is not having a good night. Watching some TV then heading to bed.
is making some grub
is not happy that our A//C is not working. Grrrr
just finished watching "The Ugly Truth", cute movie:)
has a cold:(
just finished watching " Dear Zachary: a letter from a father to his son". It was a pretty good documentary but very emotional...I suggest having tissues nearby
plans to sit on the couch watching movies all day.
almost time to make white chicken chili with cheddar jalepeno hushpuppy crust. It's going to be even better than usual 'cause we finally have some fall weather here!
just saw a commercial for Rihanna's 20//20 interview about her ordeal with *PROPNAME*...isn't it convenient that she is finally able to talk about it in an interview aired the day after her new album comes out?
is watching "The Proposal". *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*...even if the movie is crap it won't be a total waste:)
is excited about my helicopter shaped cookie cutter:)
mmm peppermint mocha coffee creamer:)
doing some online Christmas shopping
doesn't know what to make of the fact that based on my interest in TV shows like "Brotherhood" and "Californication" , Netflix has a recommendations section of other "Dysfunctional family dramas"  This includes "Dexter" and "Rescue Me" which are both shows I watch. Oh Netflix you know me so well.
is not sure what the repairman fiddled with yesterday to get some warm air to come out of the heater for a while but I'm pretty sure that the heat is still not working quite right considering that after running for 8 hours with the thermostat set to 72 it is still only 65 in my house and there is cool..no cold air blasting out of the vents...and yes it is on heat not AC;)
wasn't very impressed with "Taking of Pelham 123" although I was amused by *PROPNAME*'s character talking about the girl he took to Iceland..a Lithuanian ass model named Lavitika.  Ha
is happy to have a new working DirecTV box. I can open the guide and switch channels without it freezing....and the DVR works. I can now go back to waiting until a few minutes into a show before I start watching and then fast forward through commercials!
is getting very excited about decorating for Christmas! We are heading out to get a tree and all that fun stuff in a while:)
is off to the gym again. I tried and can't think of a valid reason not to go, plus my legs aren't sore are at all from yesterday. I will will thank myself for this later:)
is happily watching Pixar short films on abc family while my DVR records *PROPNAME* on another channel:) Oh and I'm drinking my pumpkin spice coffee too! Life is good!
Happy Thanksgiving everybody! I'm thankful for friends to share Thanksgiving with:) Now time to make some yummy food to share later
is making spaghetti sauce. Yum!
has a cold and is curled up on the couch resting.
blue
Thanks for all the birthday wishes yesterday! I had a great day:)
can't believe it. I got the new Wii Fit Plus game, it has a lot of fun new games and features. However, after not using the wii fit for a few months we decided to do the fitness test stuff again. Me(since last time): +2.9 lbs, still a healthy weight and BMI, wii age 54. *PROPNAME*: -8.6lbs, reccommends a healthy weight of gaining 6lbs, wii age 32. On the positive side, I have lost 5 of the 8 lbs I gained over the holidays!
was annoyed with the state of LA for sending a notice that my car policy was cancelled on 11//20//2009 even though that is just my renewal date and they lost the info my insurance company sent...oh and it took them 2 months to do something about it. My grumpiness was fixed by talking to the rep at Progressive. She was friendly and talkative, like a less annoying version of the girl on the commercials. Thanks *PROPNAME*!
is taking *PROPNAME* to the vet for her annual check-up. I know it's good for her I just always feel a bit bad because she hates it so much :(
Dear Louisiana Office of Motor Vehicles employees, I understand that you probably get stuck dealing with stupid, annoying people on a regular basis.  That doesn't mean you have to be rude to everyone, especially not the friendly people like me darn it!
did an hour long workout and now I'm trying to convince myself to vacuum the house.
Funny: Every time I have to spell a word over the phone using 'as in' examples, I will undoubtedly draw a blank and sound like a complete idiot. Today I had to spell my boss's last name to an attorney and said "Yes that's G as in...(10 second lapse)..ummm...Goonies"
has recooped from working out and has caught a cleaning bug!
is making sweet potatoe split pea soup. I hope it's good!
can't believe the amount of mosquitos outside already. Boo!
why oh why do I let myself watch animal cops shows? I just end up feeling a mix of sadness for the animals and almost rage towards the people involved.
set my calorie goal for wii fit tonight as a piece of fried chicken....turns out it takes a lot of work to burn off a piece of fried chicken!
was enjoying my morning shower until one of those stupid Saints remixes came on the radio. I'm all for that kind of thing when I actually go to games, but I'm sick of hearing it in regular rotation on the radio.
A bit mean...but damn funny Sarchasm : The gulf between the author of  sarcastic wit and the person who doesn't get it.
is watching a movie:)
just finished playing wii fit plus and burned an ice cream cone worth of calories. Now it's ok for me to eat an ice cream right? Kidding:)
accidentally clicked the wrong button on a page. Sorry for sending that farmville thing to everyone!
The feminine version of the name *PROPNAME* meaning "the woman." Basically never printed on magnets, mugs or other souvenir paraphernalia. Often mistaken for *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME*, *PROPNAME* or *PROPNAME*. My name is *PROPNAME*, not *PROPNAME*, dammit. (Urbandictionary.com, type in your first name, copy and paste the first entry)
is off to bed and hoping not to be woken up by things flapping and crashing from the crazy wind outside. On the up side it's going to be in the 60-70 range for the next week!:)
feels bad for my sick boyfriend. I know he feels really crappy 'cause he's sitting still and not playing videogames!
thinks it might be time for a nap:)
is off to work out. I don't want to but it's been 3 days:(
doesn't think the changes to facebook were really needed but honestly I'm more annoyed with all the complaints I've seen about it. You get it for free so if that means every once in a while you have to deal with a new layout well...deal with it!:)
starting to make some delicious snacks to enjoy while watching the Superbowl later
is home from the Lockport Mardi Gras parade and is ready for a nap!
really wishes that my old doctor's office would learn how to do math. I don't appreciate getting rather large bills for amounts that BSBC and I have already paid. Oh and thanks for putting it in the 120 day slot so I get to stress about further stupidity on your part resulting in a bad outcome for me.
wonders how sick Bon Jovi is of singing this song
likes the new Spartan football promo video! :) I'm exited for football season!
"no more than 5 pages" is my new favorite phrase! :)
one page left then editing! and 24 + hours till the paper is due! SCORE!!
is sad that Tetris is not working! :(
is in desperate need of a social life!!! :(
hates writing papers.
hmmm....I uninstalled 1 tiny program and now I can do internet, and symantec works?! oh well, maybe my computer is not dying after all! :)
is on Kiawah Island having an amazing vacation with her favorite person!!
2 papers done! now time for the very last edits and a read-through by mommy! :)
yay band camp! I can't wait for friday!!
is frustrated and displeased with the way that the next few weeks are shaping up. Mail.msu.edu doesn't make the situation any better. I'm sending a complaint!
thinks it would be nice to have a car! :P
is back in MI!!
is home in the OC!!
is WAY too excited for New Moon!
somehow has to BS 5 pages of scientific paper about a frustratingly inconclusive field project AND have sources to cite about it. FML
is le tired!
misses everyone in EL!! I can't wait for preseason!!! :)
thinks there should be more time in the day and that mail.msu.edu is stupidly slow!
is SO excited for Freshman Dress!!!!!!!
one more week of summer please!!!
yay clean laundry!!!! :)
is excited for GAMEDAY TOMORROW!!!!! GO STATE!!!!!
Toga Toga Toga!!
is 3 weeks in and already tired of reading!!!!
is mostly unpacked and moved in! :)
is home and not ready to be back in the real world yet! ://
GO STATE BEAT THE BADGERS!!!!!!!
LOVES the SMB!!!!!!!
is still waiting for mail.msu.edu, but is SO excited to move into her new apartment on Sunday!! :)
needs another weekend
back in EL! Call me!
thinks the best thing to ever happen to hot chocolate is *PROPNAME*'s special dark cocoa powder!!! :)
is moving to her new apartment in EL!!!
had a great weekend, but is not ready for classes tomorrow!! ://
finally has finished her paper! :) still needs to be edited, but at least it's done!! :D
can't wait for later tonight!
has a long day but a fun night ahead of her!
tired tired tired, but come on out to the Dance Party at Sparty Watch tonight!!! 8-midnight!!
needs to find someone to live with next year!!!
.......so apathetic........
is excited for a weekend on a lake with friends!! :)
needs to find a good place for a nap! :)
Midnight Madness and then a few hours of sleep before Spartan Football!!
GO STATE!!! BEAT THE WILDCATS!!!!!!
best way to relax after a crazy morning: blanket and Chopin
had a good weekend and is now tired!!!!
loves bid night!! :)
doesn't want to write her paper...
blah blah blah-blah blah blah blah
came out to campus to study, and forgot headphones!! how am I supposed to memorize music without headphones!!? :(
procrastination will get me in trouble one of these days.... :P
Spartan Spooktacular, 8pm kickoff against the gofers, and then Halloween!!!
bored bored bored.....not ready for thursday! I don't have 2 tunes memorized!!! :(
drunk MSU fans when I was biking home after the game: "oh, band fag coming through" I don't like to swear, but I had to bite my tongue to keep from either flicking them off or just simply saying "FUCK YOU!"
today I saw an old woman walking across the bridge by Sparty. She was wearing a bright aqua colored shirt. Right behind her was a college guy wearing a t-shirt of the exact same hue. It made me smile! :P
Just has to get to wednesday at 2:30 pm. then I'm home free!
was named very appropriately. *PROPNAME* means industrious//labor.
auto tune the news - the best way to waste time!!! :P
thinks conscientious is should be spelled more phonetically. Maybe like: conchienchous...:P
is confused by the two different kinds of news feed.....
Is not sure she wants to be done yet! GO STATE BEAT THE LIONS!!!!! I love my senior buddies! and I hope everyone's ready for a sob-fest!!!
would like to have more than 24 hours in a day!!
GO STATE BEAT THE LIONS!!!!!!
loves group projects! especially when I do 90% of the work! Awesome!..... NOT!!!
thinks she may have to walk to class in the morning.... but still LOVES SNOW!!!!!!
just found the perfect internship - free housing, food stipend, working in a zoo for 40 hours a week getting a first hand look at all the veterinary stuff that I hope to be doing in a few years!!!!! :) I hope I get in!!!
hates writing papers!!!!!!! I don't know how English majors do it!
Has had an AMAZING yet utterly unproductive weekend! :P
just realized how many projects//papers are due in the next 4 weeks! EEK!! :(
just doesn't feel like working... how about sleep!? :)
has a great night planned!! State of 5ths concert and then fun night with her favorite old roomie!! :)
one more final left and then I'm DONE!! :)
is DONE with writing her paper! now I just have to edit it and start studying for finals! ://
tengo un gato!? if you know anyone who lives in Berrytree and has a black cat that is missing, I have her!!!
1 1//2 pages done...this thing needs to be 10!!!! :(
Girl 1: Eeew! It's all blue and jiggly! Girl 2: I can't get it out! ~I heard this today in the *PROPNAME* cafeteria relating to.... jello! :P
hopes that this Evolution final goes as well as that tetris game did too! :P
kinda hopes that her finals go as well as that game of tetris just did! :P
is home in OC!!!!
I sent the kitty home! it was kinda fun to have a kitty cat for a day! :)
cookie dough + glee + packing to go home = a great afternoon!!!
Shindig at my house at 7!! call for directions! :D
wishes everyone a very Merry Christmas *PROPNAME*!
book-faced HACKED!!!! muahahahahaha
Can't wait to go to TEXAS!!!!! :D
doesn't want to study anymore!!
loves having her language preference as English (pirate)!!!!! arrrrggg matey!!
going to Chicago! :)
LOVES SNOW!!!!! :)
thinks her mondays, wednesdays, and fridays this semester are going to be awesome! :) Environmental physiology seems like a GREAT class!! :)
has some pretty mighty senioritis, and apathy right now... BUT I bought a class ring today!!!! :D
is back in EL, but not ready to start classes yet!! :(
Can't wait for today to be over! then I'll have an application mailed, and be off to Texas!! :)
now has pierced ears!! :) but I can't swim for 2 months!! :( sounds like I'm going to get to know the treadmill really well! :P
JUST GOT THE BEST INTERNSHIP EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D I'll be spending 5 weeks this summer shadowing and learning from zoo vets at the Seneca Zoo in Rochester, NY!!!!! :D
Dinner with *PROPNAME* and then I'm finally getting my ears pierced!!!! :D
GO STATE BEAT THE BOBCATS!!!!!
can't believe it. I wore my favorite bracelet and ring to 3rd degree today. Real Turquoise and silver, and come home, to realize that I lost the stone in the bracelet!!! :'( if anyone has seen it, PLEASE let me know!!!!
IT'S SNOWING!!!!!!! IN KENTUCKY!!!!!!! I guess it's about time for our biennial snowstorm! :D
thinks that if she doesn't find a faster way to get all her reading homework done this semester, she will go crazy!!!! ://
needs to FOCUS!!!!!
thinks she needs more spontaneity in her life! Last night was so much fun! going to UofM on a whim to see old friends! :D
was worried when she saw the new facebook layout page until she figured out how to get to Tetris! She is ridiculously addicted to that game! :P
thinks break.com is the best website ever! :)
is listening to mice play and chat in her ceiling! ://
GO STATE!!!!!!! WOOT!!!!!!!!! SECOND YEAR IN A ROW!!!!!!!! nothing could make this day better!!!!
is sleeping :)
now has unlimited texting!! Yessssss!!
IT'S SNOWING!!!!!! :D
thinks she was sleepwalking last night"...I don't remember wearing this when I went to bed..."
you know I've been busy when I haven't played tetris in 3 days! :P
is going to be reading textbooks for the rest of her life! :( only 1 chapter of neurobio left, then 2 chapters to catch up in Euk. Cell bio, and then 2-3 in Environmental Phys.... oh goodie... ://
AHHHHH!!!! The best surprise ever!
is soooooooooooooo sick :(
geneva....geneva... geneva - you should just pay for a  bus ticket back to nyc...
Yeay to Squamish!
Thanks for all the birthday wishes!
Hoping it's not gonna rain today... or... in the next week... or... ever.
Thanks for all the birthday wishes and Madison Beach 6:30. Everything's casual.
Excited about *PROPNAME*'s awesome pics from yesterday;)
me thinks I'm healthy
oh life.
Driving down Mosel to Luxembourg! Then catching the early bird tomo to Baaar-the-looona yippee
7 days and counting...
In Barcelona - simply amazing
then second - can i make things worse than it already is?
Dr. Horrible Blog, reminds me of the themes in Wicked. sooo goood.
Vancouver... Wednesday night... yes?
is stoked about this weekend. Marble Canyons: here we come!
is hoping in vain for sunshine...
finds a good mix of farming, socializing, and killing monsters to be very therapeutic.
is sick?
is sick, but not badly.
believes that summer has indeed arrived.
is excited about mural painting!
has finally completely uploaded her Alaska pictures.
feels old after watching the sixth Harry Potter movie.
paints some more mural.
is back from Alaska!
is working on new profile pic as E-28.
is having fun at work.
is feeling odd.
never realized that there was Boston Fashion Week.
is looking forward to sunny Saturday in the park.
proves to be awesome at picking out paint colors.
needs to buy newer karaoke songs.
has joined the Harvard Ballroom Team!
was too busy watching Castle last night (fashion! murder! mayhem!) to upload pics.
clearly needs to transfer new pictures from her camera to her computer.
is sad to discover that 8+ hours of sleep is needed to keep this old(er) body going.
is leaving work for some down-time before dance(!!!).
Castle > shopping.
feels satisfied with where she is in life for the first B(ig)day in a long time.
is looking forward to Homecoming weekend.  :)
has the most amazing friends ever.
dislikes how utterly miserable the weather outside is.
realizes that she probably can't afford (staying alive-wise) to pig out on sweets around Harvard Square everytime she has dance practice.
does not like sickness.
is at Amherst!!!
sees that People's Republic of China turns 60 today, but finds Mom's birthday more important.
is super excited that Merlin season 2 has started!!!
brightens your day.
has a long but exciting work day.
wants more sunshine!
s doctor is sick...so all her preparations for pain is not needed for another two weeks.
is ready to kick some bacteria butt!
wants *PROPNAME*'s dresses from the CMA.
raked some leaves this weekend!
wants buffalo chicken chowder for lunch.  :*(
wishes it was as warm out as the sunny blue sky with wispy clouds seems to indicate.
is scared of the weather tomorrow.
sill isn't friends with her flue vaccine...
is sub-sub-optimal again.  :(
is using the excellent combination of juice and calories to tip the balance between sickness and health.
wants to know who (is in Boston and) wants to see Avenue Q!
This actually works!: The Facebook Trick: Press Up, Up, Down, Down, Left, Right, Left, Right, B, A, enter key then right click. Then press up then down & magic circles will appear! Put this as your status IF IT WORKED FOR YOU!
needs to reset because the recent bout of failing Westerns clearly indicates there is a bug in the system.
is ready for Baltimore!  (Is Baltimore ready for Hua?  Maybe not...)
cannot speak due to throat pain.  This brings back memories of the first few days of school at Ramapo Middle.  Hopefully, this time there won't be racial slurs thrown around.
gets to visit the Baltimore Aquarium again!!!
invites you to feel the magic of the holidays by visiting the Harry Potter exhibit at Museum of Science Boston on Dec. 12 (Sat).
is looking for her face again (where is that camera cord?!).
now knows that flu vaccines are not friends.
can speak again!  (As long as you ignore the occasional bouts of severe coughing.)
needs to Wii Fit Plus more in order to stay in shape for dance (why yes, that does count).
won't have any wisdom teeth left in 24 hours.  :(
thanks the kind soul who turned in her wallet, and dislikes whoever took $100 out (holiday shopping now looks a lot less happy).
is feeling >70% and can stop letting work get delayed. (= happiness)
is looking for a wallet...Bed, Bath, & Beyond shoppers//employees...please be kind and save it from being ravaged until I can go back to your shop.  T_T
thanks *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* for the gorgeous additions (especially the personalized jacket that she's showing off at work today) to her closet and the giant hole in her wallet. <3
has landed in Boston and is back at work.  :D
wishes all a very very awesome new year full of laughter and joy.
is sad that she's shorter than the shortest semi-finalist on cycle 13 of ANTM (*PROPNAME*'s French accent is SCARY).
wishes that her experiments would WORK when she's in the lab, especially when she's staying past normal going home time. D:
must eat lots of sticky and crunchy food before Thursday morning!
is rehauling her facebook...warning...warning...information and photos may (dis)appear...
is going to eat ice cream cake before lunch.  :D
has 28 teeth left.  At this rate of loss (2//decade), she'll be toothless by age 160...not too bad.  :| <--currently cannot grin//smile
is singing Christmas songs (to all of you!).
is hungry.
is going to see if Chinese dance is in her future.
is already hard at work!
is rewatching the first half of Knock Knock Loving You (the only portion worth watching).
has sore muscles from dancing too hard this weekend.
wants a nap.
has finally made it to Part III of *PROPNAME*'s Immunobiology book.
now believes in the "bad things come in threes" proverb.
is super excited about the first day of dance practice!
is awed by how 30 minutes can triple her RAM.  <3
is keeping her lab notebook up-to-date.
hasn't yet watched this week's episode of Castle (and thus is failing at life!!!).
must work hard today so that she can go home before the super heavy snowfall starts.
plans to visit Orlando (Harry Potter! Sun!) during April's long weekend (go Patriot's Day!).
is all about NYC tomorrow :-)
is getting ready to wrap up her first week in NYC.
cannot wait for Friday! :-)
has one week left?!
is heading cross country!!
can't wait for Ithaca tomorrow :-)
NYC to incommunicado in 24 hours? Can't wait :-)
is off to her first day of school!
so there's a Guam quarter?
BEST DISCOVERY: There is a Wegman's 10 minutes from my house!!
what's up PA inspection standards?
Longest day ever--but so great to see so many HC people!
is venturing off into the world of high school football. Go Lions?
is making apple-carrot muffins like no one's business.
2 months!!
is heading to Princeton to watch the little bro row in his first race! Go Big Red!
made the most kickass shrimp penne arribiata-like dish! Now, off to watch the game!
is back in DE for the Dover race tomorrow!
is tea at lunch and pumpkin bread muffins after school.
wants it to be 1 month and 2 weeks from now.
is Delaware-bound in just a few hours!
is H1N1 :-(
just booked her tickets to Germany for Winter Break (!!) and is heading to Ithaca tomorrow for Homecoming! Life is good :-)
3 weeks :-)
Last day of school until the New Year!! (3 days!)
just needs to make it through Thursday.
RIP Raccoon in my driveway this morning :-(
is really missing 130 Linden right now.
SNOW!!
Back States' Side :-( What a wonderful trip :-)
will be in NYC by this time tomorrow!
Nine tagen :-)
Potsdam :-)
PHL --> TXL (!!)
Black!  P.S. DC tomorrow!
loves being back in the Mid Atlantic and in high school where 2 hour delays for 3 inches of snow are possible!
vegetarian chili and beans for the little ones
is checking out what Habitat for Humanity is all about!
Snow in Germany!
just made some kickass veggie lasagna!
SNOW DAY!!
s house smells like hickory and fall!
"I gave her my heart and she gave me a picture of me as an old time sheriff."
Fabulous weekend :-)
stuck at home doing the same old boring thing...again.
im drawing the picture i promised jonna. its turning out nicely =]] i hope she likes it
someones going to get it soo bad later, UGH!!
took my placement test today! i ddi better than i expected.
looking forward to vbs next month!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! <3
rcc orientation tomorrow morning. =]]
rockin it grandma style with the new car....yo! haha
sad that vbs is over for the year..cant wait til next year!
saw mamma mia for the first time today. i like it =]]
excited for my mom to get home tomorrow!! =]]
misael's teahing me a little self defense. hahaha
one more day of vbs =[
....black hair now =]]
trying to pass time with maddie so she can register
this week is gonna be sooo much funn =]]
disneyland tomorrow =]] going with maddie going to be awesome!!
feels soooo much better now =]]
i really cant wait til next week: vbs AND living at maddies =]]  hahahahaha
going to the movies =]]
hates being in the house. nowhere to go...ugh
good day today. =]]
saw my old friend *PROPNAME* today, lots of catchin' up to do...=]]
goin' to watch the band perform their first performance today. haha =]]
happy for maddie =]]
kylees dying my hair =]]
super tired. i have class at 7 and wont be home til around 6. =[[
ahhhh i hate the cold. ugh
if youre going to rcc log on to webadvisor and make sure you didnt get dropped from any of your classes. over 3,000 students got dropped from not paying.
discovered that my life goal is to be a surgeon. =]]
needs to get hair recolored. ahhhhhhhhhhhh
has physics test on monday and a history mid-term on wednesday, funn stuff.....not!
exhausted, but not ready for bed...blahhhhhh
im home finally!!! yayyyy! i hope i did ok on my test.
good morning starshine, the earth says hello.....=p
exhausted. im ready to sleep.
surrogates is a really good movie. =]]
loong day tomorrow. not looking forward to it. hopefully i did ok on my mid term for history. =p
found out that i have 14+ years more schooling if i want to follow through with the orthopedic surgeon thing. . .
loong lazy day. i've had too many of these. oh well, hopefully tomorrow will be better.
ugh. dont feel good again.....ugh
made fresh chocolate chip cookies...yummmmyyy
today feels like forever!!!
got my transformers shirt. its cuute =]]
wants the new Tokio Hotel c.d. =]]
got my trnasformers shirt. its cuute =]]
*PROPNAME* always takes too long to get here in the morning. blahhhhhhhhhhh
is a happy camper because i got the tokio hotel c.d. =]]
doing good with soc. final so far =]]
i hate it when my mom leaves...=[[
mom's coming home tonight. =]]
finally home from a loong day at school.
disappointed in someone who i thought i would never really be disappointed in.
olive garden tonight =]]
had funn at 6 flags! =]]
so exhausted today, i don't want it to rain. blehhhh
2 pages down on my paper 3 to go!
gotta love writers block...ugh
I don't want to go to class today carrying a stupid tri-fold board with me in the wind. ehhhhh...oh well. i have to.
done with my paper finally =]]
if you know someone who has or had cancer! ? All I want for Christmas is a CURE! ? Put this on your status
so far...i have an A in Sociology =]]
i had an awesome idea for my paper last night in my sleep =]]
I love the smell of Christmas trees. =]]
Thank God I don't have to see *PROPNAME* ever again!
had a lot of funn with the sister =]]
created my plan A schedule of classes =]]
taking a break from my looong paper
relaxing and listening to music. funn stuff
ugh, starting my soc paper all over....this is going  to be a busy day...ugh
i feel worse than i did yesterday. thank God there's no class today.
just waiting...
why do some peoples parents take everything out on their kids. it's so stupid and ugghh!!
waiting for my new phone to come in this week. =]] sooo excited
bored....what to do for like 20 minutes...
my new phone comes today =]] and i scored a C on my first quiz. yayy =]]
Merry Christmas everyone!
i dont wanna go to school. ahhhhhhh
making a class schedule when everything closes fast is hard work. blahhhh
has a very good feeling about where things are going. =]]
I love my Mom! If you aren't too proud to say thank you to your Mom for helping you be the great person you are today.. please copy and paste to your profile! I expect to see this many times on my page! ;~} Some people no longer have their Moms here to appreciate! To those who dont we salute your mom with a moment of s......ilence!! Love you Mom & miss you everyday.See MoreSee More
up way too early. agh
Aoccdrnig to a rscheearch at Cmabrigde Uinervtisy, it dseno't mtaetr in waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are, the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae. Tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef, but the wrod as a wlohe. If you can raed tihs, psot it to yuor wlal. Olny 55% of plepoe can
the weather needs to not be like this...boooo
finished my final. no more developmental psychology =]]
Disneyland with *PROPNAME* today =]]
summer goes so fast!!!
in the cities
excited for MOA day trip
doesnt wanna go back to work after vacation :(
dentist today...yay...
work work work
last cabin trip of the summer. sad :(
busy...always
goin up north
I LOVE SNOW!!!
i got rear-ended b4 i rear-ended someone...surprising.
excited for boundary waters trip
back from the cities
watching I Love Lucy
to the cities :)
doesnt wanna go back...
leading day camp
tired
only 3 weeks?! what happened???!!!
math...
stuffy nose. grr...
sooooooo much stuff to do this week.
is trying to do her chem lab but keeps getting distracted by this
doesn't like mondays.
only kinda sick-ish. yay!
*cough, cough* must get more cough drops! *cough*
trying to decide on some colleges to visit.
Hope i dont have too much h//w to make up tomorrow...that is if i can go back tomorrow. grrrrrr. i hate being sick!
tired and sick...sick and tired. gr
tired...just like usual
not sick!!! yay!
homework...:(
Homecoming!!!!
if a cat always lands on its feet, and toast always lands buttered side down, what happens if you strap a piece of toast to a cats back and drop it?
minnesingers last night. bored today...
picking up leaves...i love fall
we need more long weekends.
nervous
Christmas!!!
Up North this weekend. So excited!!! :D
skiing in -2 degree weather...what better way to celebrate the new year?
almost halfway there!
ah...end of the semester & a rly long week. these are the best fridays
must read Asher Lev...grrrr....
ugh...monday
doesn't wanna go to school tomorrow.
ugh...mondays
hmmm...what is on my mind? idrk...i think i mighta left it @ atwood last night...either that or its just ignoring me today.
confused...i should really stop trying to think on Thursdays...
"Everything in this room is eatable. Even I'm eatable. But that is called cannibalism, my dear children, and is, in fact, frowned upon in most societies."
Dear *PROPNAME* tonight! good thinking *PROPNAME* !
SATURDAY!!! :D
does it actually feel like we got out early to anyone?
PHYSICS= BAD.  My Favorite Equation.
I have the best adhi in the whole world...and I HATE physics...
"Hey don't smoke that Tijuana it'll make you crazy," my grandma... hehehhe :)
Happy Friendship Day!!! :)
I want two BUNNIES...THEY ARE SOOOOOO CUTE:)
Graduation Pictures Are STUPID Expensive...So just buy 1 of the smallest pictures and then copy them later...IT IS WAY CHEAPER.....
I have the best adhi in the whole world :)
Dashain ko Subhakaamana sabaai laai!!!Happy Dashain!!!
I wanna get two bunnies....They are sooo cute....
Happy Dashain! Dashain ko Subhakamana Sabaai laai! :)
Hamro Bai haru laai... bhai tikako dherai dherai subhakaamana....:)
H1N1= :| ...  :{  ...  :(  ...  :@...  oink oink *PROPNAME*, "So the Swine flu vaccinations are on shortage til Dec....How come we we never seem to be on shortage for illegal drugs like crystal meth or coke???.... We should hire those guys to make the H1N1 vaccinations..."
HAPPY TIHAR!!!!
“The New England Journal of Medicine reports that 9 out of 10 doctors agree that 1 out of 10 doctors is an idiot."~ *PROPNAME*
"So the Swine flu vaccinations are on shortage til Dec....How come we we never seem to be on shortage for illegal drugs like crystal meth or coke???.... We should hire those guys to make the H1N1 vaccinations..."- jay leno
GO BEARS!!! VERY VERY PROUD TO BE BERKELEY ALUMNI!!! Go BEARS!!... Oh Stanford...you're just never good enough... :(
GO Bears! Very Proud to BE BERKELEY ALUMNI! GO BEARS!
Go Bears!!!
Best Weekend...Eating with family and movie nites with the little cousin... :) :) :)
Proud of the success of her BSP family members!...Congrats to everyone who got into Med School, Dental School, and Grad School!...Best of Luck!
Here's something to think about: How come you never see a headline like 'Psychic Wins Lottery'?~ *PROPNAME*
So UC Tuition Fees are increasing by 30% and the salary of the UC Regents has been increasing since our fee hikes....SO THAT's where all of our tuition money is going...
"Happy Non-Denominational Happy Winter..."  Just kidding... Happy Holidays Everyone...
Red+Purple= Fuschia? :)
AMERICAN AIRLINES is taking doctors and nurses to Haiti for free. Please call 212-697-9767. Spread the word. if you are looking for ways to be of any help... UPS IS SHIPPING TO HAITI FOR FREE TOMORROW!! IT HAS TO BE UNDER 50 lbs!! If you have ANYTHING to give, round up your stuff and... send it out!! PLEASE repost this... to spread the word PLEASE repost!!!!
I'm sooo lucky to have such good friends and family! Thanks for all the sweet bday messages! Lots of love to you all!
"OMG...The new SIMS is soooo cool...You can even make friends and stuff..."- my very lonely friend...
*PROPNAME*'s sons' new car-$360,000  *PROPNAME*'s new ring- $800,000 The Average cost of a 16yrs bday party in West LA- $275,000 (Quotes from NPR) PEOPLE GET IN TOUCH WITH REALITY AND SHARE!!!
DON'T TAKE UGLY BETTY off the air!!! There are plenty of stupid shows on the air ...this is one of the FEW SHOWS that's actually EMPOWERING TO WOMEN and SPEAKS TO REAL PEOPLE!
Happy Lunar Year! I hope it is filled with good health and happiness...and lots of red envelopes! :)
I'm ecstatic!
Missing great diving with my dive group.  *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*...I need to get away!!!!
*PROPNAME* is enjoying *PROPNAME*'s 6th Birthday!!! Happy Birthday Miss *PROPNAME*!!!
I'm sad that I'm not getting on a plane tomorrow with my divegroup to scuba in Bonaire.  Instead, I get to work, work, work!  Have fun all!
Happy....no thrilled....that I've finished both Halloween costumes....with 12 hours to spare!  Pictures tomorrow.  Happy Halloween everyone!
What a day!  I repelled down Vasquez rocks in the afternoon and by evening was carving pumpkins underwater with my dive group at the SCV aquatic center.  Throw in making two halloween costumes and it was quite the Saturday!  Pictures to follow soon!
A proud day today. *PROPNAME* asked me if I'd take her "Black Friday" shopping!  She is even willing to get up at a ridiculous hour to do it!  My days of wondering if I'm a good mom are over!
It's 2am.....why am I not sleeping?????
Another "Nutcracker Weekend" is over.  *PROPNAME* danced in "Act II Opener" and "Chinese" - and did fantastic!  *PROPNAME*'s last year of being in the audience as she plans to be a "Snow Tree" next year, now that she is old enough.  I don't know how the Studio keeps coming up with fresh, new,and fun ideas, but they do.  Congrats to all the girls!
"Mom.....Licorice is in the Christmas tree!!!!"  'Tis the sound of my season this year....guess it's part of the turf with a new kitten!
Trying to get back on the "eating healthy" wagon after the past few days of pure gluttony!
Orange and pink zebra
Oh dear.  Evidently Santa is in Nome, Alaska.....already well past Los Angeles.  Now that we are FINALLY done wrapping, do you think  he will double back and visit our house? Merry Christmas Everyone!!!
Outdid myself this year. Mini beef wellingtons with gorgonzola cheese. Homemade mac and cheese. Liguini and prosciutto frittata (with endless cheese!). Cauliflower au gratin.  The only thing without cheese are the green beans and dessert....homemade chocolate chip cookies and a yule log. Oh.....and the endless martinis that I plan to have to celebrate making it successfully through another Christmas!
Need to stop making brownies as a way to avoid working!  Some days I hate my boss....oh wait....she is me!
Mammo, ultrasound and biopsy, oh my!  To quote *PROPNAME*....."Man, I feel like a woman"....except I'm not thinking that is what she meant.
Happy Summer Solstice to all!
"The creature took the form of a lovely maiden with the idea of bewitching us with her many charms, in the hope that she might get our fish."
has sacked the hallowed heights of Ilion.
Tentatively has a new// old job.
The Iliad: 59 pages in, and I finally finished the translator's introduction to the work. Progress!
Goodbye *PROPNAME*. :(
"Today you courted beauty and a thousand fishes rained at your feet. How do you feel?"
Homeric epic number two!
//machetemachetemachete
wants 1000 points so she can win a real tank. Damn, that's a good movie.
"There's so much that I have to learn, I hope it won't be hard, and I hope it will be snowing on the day they make me tzar!"
wants to be an emergentist!
was digging in the dirt today, and earned her supper.
In conclusion, both of my roommates check facebook more frequently than I.
got some blisters in the garden today.
Aah, the novelty of clipping coupons.
danced on the grass while musicians on the roof serenaded the night.
has no name and is part of the kollective.
Hello, world!
was surprised and pleased to meet *PROPNAME*'s freshman roommate in the bookstore.
Hooray for Friday!
Huh, chestnuts look eerily like brains...
was disturbed to come to the realization that the Dao is the Game. Life is cruel.
Thank you for the kind sentiments, all!
"Poetry is the synthesis of hyacinths and biscuits."
did not expect to end up on a campus tour. Huh.
seems to have acquired a mad swank bike.
off for the weekend!
can't decide if she's using laundry to avoid doing homework or homework to avoid doing laundry.
Welcome to Portland!
Happy Fall Equinox!
unfortunately, folk songs in the autumn grass will always trump paper writing. Back to work for me!
is climbing a tree in search of a fish.
striding forth, undaunted, unafraid, toward the uttermost frontier of thought where wisdom lures me on. O pioneer!
had not realized the degree to which packing boxes is like putting together a puzzle in 3-D. Now it's much more fun!
owned her bio test, now off to read *PROPNAME* in a tree somewhere.
has been wild a-rumpusing! Happy fall break to all.
playing guitar and howling at the moon.
"You coud tell by our soft feet that we were strangers in the land."
"May we suggest giving away what you don't use or need to someone who will worship it by utilizing its potential? If there are things you need, ask your friends first before you add your dollars to the bonfire of consumerism." -- Best.Cookbook.Ever.
Thinking about digging out the firepit for a post New Year's bonfire. Will folks be around// interested in putting together some sort of shindig?
+4 modifier to cuddle puddle optimization. Yay!
is having trouble making sense of her coursework: "Three feet of new powder on a stable base has made the tree skiing orgasmic." Er....
"Soy Nog." Lolwut.
40° weather the day I leave for Oregon? Maine, you are a fickle mistress.
got lost and bought a plant!
dear gods, respiratory arrest.
learning all about self-liberation. Hooray!
I like this work, play and no class thing...summer should happen more often
<3 baking cookies
Ready for an awesome summer at Stanford!!
I'm MeLTING
why does it feel like it should be the weekend by nowwww
migraine = :(
must write essays!
<3's picnics
<//3 new dentist
<3's Hawaii
<3's pedicures
back to workkk
one more week to catch up on life...then VACATION
<3's dancing
home in the heights!
breath of relief!!!!
<3's catching up with friends
<//3 softball :(
PROJECT RUNWAY!!
needs to focussss
senoritis go away please! oh and take my flu with you.
I'M GOING TO BE A DOCTOR!
HAPPY THANKSGIVING!
no more shopping!!!
Home for Thanksgiving! <3
is locked out of her room, with no roomates or RAs in sight :(
in SD :D
DONE DONE DONE!!!! :D
stuck in SD airport for.....ever?
Best Birthday Ever! 3 Surprise dinner//get-together//party, and VEGAS on Halloween <3 Thanks to everyone that made my 21st special!
<3 rain when I'm not driving in it!
sleep? who needs it
off to christmas in vegas with family <3
Heading back to LA :)
Happy New Year and Decade Everyone!!!!
a day of snowboarding = most exercise I've had all of break
aghhh almost christmas :DD
THREE DAYS TO CHRISTMAS!!!!!! <3 <3
Happy Hour w// the drawmates :D
Vegas until Thursday :)
Michigan and Chicago last weekend, Vegas next week, Milwaukee after that :)
I love Chic-fil-a. (And no, they are not my clients).
going to Milwaukee for the weekend :)
I need a name for my sewing collection - ideas welcome :)
Thanks for the Birthday wishes!
Had a great weekend in West Michigan.  Headed back to ATL for a few days.  Then I'll be back for *PROPNAME*'s wedding!
Homemade peach pie is done, now off to the pool!
unpacking
Sweetwater tonight! :)
Going to Twisted Taco at Perimeter tonight!
Are you going to the Big 10 Pub Crawl tomorrow in Midtown?
I'm on my way to Chicago for two days :)
new hobby: pillow shams :)
sewing a dress
At the Grand Traverse Resort - the bay is beautiful!
I have an abundance of Apple Crisp, Peach Cobbler and Peach Pie at my house - PLEASE HELP!
Back in ATL :)
Hanging out with *PROPNAME* :) Girls weekend!
pasta schmasta
Know anyone who can teach me how to knit and crochet?
Working from home is da' bomb.
Thai Chicken Pasta with Barilla Whole Grain Spaghetti - delicious dinner!
*PROPNAME* gave me a Christmas table cloth and dish towel! Now we have a Christmas tree and festive linens! :)
Watching Twilight :)
Cinnamon ice cream from scratch - just another day living with a culinary student :) *PROPNAME* rocks!
making a quilt
Headed back to ATL after a great weekend in Tampa :)
Chocolate covered potato chips - what will they come up with next! (They are so good!)
Christmasing :)
Going home tomorrow for *PROPNAME*'s bridal shower and Father's Day!!!
I love vacation. Tomorrow we're going to the beach :)
*PROPNAME* "Noel", Christmas slippers, hot cocoa, soft blanket, and a book. Just missing the snow!
Sewing again!
Back in Atlanta! There's no snow here!
My co-workers just 'bumped' - Love iPhone entertainment!
Traverse City this weekend, Detroit next weekend.  Fall in Michigan!
On my way to Chicago. :)
Headed back to Atlanta. Gasparilla was a hoot.
finishing my quilt today
Dearest Souper *PROPNAME* of Buckhead, Your chocolate cupcakes were heavenly. Hope to see you again for lunch soon!
Chicago on Monday & Tuesday, Orlando on Thursday & Friday and Tampa on Saturday & Sunday
is thanking God for another day in the land of the living. For tomorrow is not promised. A harsh reminder that we have a limited time to mend broken relationships achieve our goals and be with the ones we love.
is BACK! AND BETTER THAN EVER!!!! A little wiser a lot stronger and much happier with a NEW ATTITUDE! :-)
is lovin it! All I have to do is sit back, enjoy the ride, let the good times roll and my destiny is HERE. Yep, pretty much! :-)
is so disappointed...why do I always have to be right about these things?
knows that God is carrying her. Without Him this would be too much. "Keep thy heart with all diligence, for out of it are the issues of life. (Proverbs 4:23) Lord, I know your love is enough for me. :-)
"If I should stay, I would only be in your way. So I'll go, but I know I'll think of you ev'ry step of the way...I hope life treats you kind. And I hope you have all you dreamed of. And I wish you joy and happiness but above this I wish you love....And I 
"Out of the abundance of the heart, the mouths speaks". Guard your words at all times. Your mouth can do so much damage to you and those around you. "The tongue is a world of iniquity, set afire of hell."
Word of the day: You don't have to settle for anything or anyone in your life. Determine what you don't like, pray hard, work hard, and fix it. Sometimes its just easier to walk away and start over.
is saying Lord take my hand, cover me and take me beyond what I understand.
is thinking that some people, once gone, need not EVER come back into your life...EVER.
is wondering why people think I'm going to put up with their foolishness. My silence IS NOT ignorance. YES, my price tag is HIGH, but the rewards FAR EXCEED THE COSTand those who matter will put in the work. The only treasure valued is the treasure worked for.
is finally doing what she should have done a long time ago. A burden has been lifted.
is SO HAPPY that my daddy ALWAYS hears and answers right on time!!! I LOVE MY JESUS and He's the only one that I need!
I got exactly what I asked for and it hurts. I forgot that nightmares are dreams, too.
is really craving some bbq! :-( I love my family but something's gonna have to change....
is starting all over again....
can see clearly now and no longer focuses on the closed doors. I'm only looking at all the open ones God has set before me. "Surely or ONLY goodness, mercy, and unfailing love shall follow me ALL THE DAYS of my life and the presence of the Lord and His house shall be my dwelling place forever."
"Who shall lay anything to the charge of God's elect? It is GOD that justifieth...For I am persuaded, that neither death, nor life, nor angels, nor principalities, nor powers, nor things present, nor things to come, nor height, nor depth, nor any other creature, shall be able to separate us from the love of God, which is in Christ Jesus our Lord." Have a blessed day!
is lmbo as this last Uno game I just played! But really, though? Time for bed, long day tomorrow.
is comforted and content. It only gets better from here!
had dinner with one of her favorite teachers and is FINALLy home....
People come and go and will always disappoint so I only invest in God. Lord, I belong to you until the end of time. I just wanna be close to you.
Two weddings, one baby shower and a great church service on Sunday! A weekend full of love and encouragement and I know the best is yet to come! "All things work together for the good to them that love God, for them who are the called according to his purpose."
"And still, I rise."
is excited about her first day at her NEW JOB as a college graduate! This is gonna be a FABULOUS DAY! This is the day that the LORD hath made, let us REJOICE and be glad in it!
finally graudated, despite the weather. Thank you, Jesus. And thank you all for your love and support and thanks to my love who came out to celebrate with me last night!
enjoyed spending time with one of her favorite people, *PROPNAME*. :-)
has to start all over again...
is done with facebook. Why am I tagged in a status against my will?
"Those who criticize our generation forget who raised it."
"In awe I watched the waxing moon ride across the zenith of the heavens like an ambered chariot towards the ebony void of infinite space wherein the tethered belts of Jupiter and Mars hang forever festooned in their orbital majesty. And as I looked at all
"I refuse to answer that question on the grounds that I don't know the answer." ~ *PROPNAME* XD
"Parents spend the first part of our lives teaching us to walk and talk, and the rest of it telling us to sit down and shut up." XD
"Ah, *PROPNAME*. The eyes are open, the mouth moves, but *PROPNAME* has long since departed." ~ *PROPNAME* XD XD
"Death and famine stalk the land like two great stalking things." ~ *PROPNAME*
"Arguments are to be avoided; they are always vulgar and often convincing." ~ Oscar Wilde xD
podkanva vseki, koito ima da i prashta snimki ot razlichni meropriyatiya, da go stori v skype vuzmojno nai-skoro... ^^ :P
Damn, U.S. beat Spain? We should be proud
had a FOG sighting on the street
District 9: not perfect but definitely lives up to the hype
needs a job
*PROPNAME* may have been out of line, but Single Ladies is much better than *PROPNAME*'s crappy song and mediocure video  and at least for once he wasn't complaining about himself not losing
Does anyone have Skype? just got it
Celebrated the New Year in true Oakland style, hearing automatic gunfire seconds after midnight
"This is what it's all about, isn't it, listening audience?  A brief seizing brilliance in the immediate air.  A death-rendered flash of perfect equilibrium."-Don Delillo, Ratner's Star
Does anyone know how to install Office 2007 in LINUX using WINE ?
Forgot to take my cell phone to office.. to reach me (for today) send me mssg on Google talk or Facebook
Had the most random interaction with a stone drunk stranger!
Had an amazingly lazy and uneventful day... Saturday sucks!!!!!!!!!
Is history written or is it made??
Finally Internet at HOME :D
ONLINE finally!!!
Random girl (In a bus) : Are you half chinese?                                                               Me : HUH !!??????!!????
Migrated to Ubuntu Linux completely.
Funniest thing happen to Roman Polanski :D LOL
Listening to Hare Krishna ..just in case :D
Can anyone forward me an invit to Google wave???
First time: Had three shots of of Jack Daniels on the rock and than to the LAB
HERE IS A QUICK POLL FOR ALL OF YOU: HOW MANY OF YOU , AT THIS POINT IN YOUR CAREER, HAVE HELD MORE THAN 5 JOBS ?
Are thoughts and substance interchangable? Can we redirect our thoughts to substantiate anything that would be comparable to our physical surroundings and experiences ?
Football.. fun fun and fun
Events of the evening : Random lady at the bus stop : Do you know what "No. 11" beer is? Me: Is that a bus No. or a course No. Random lady : My lab mate said it is a good drink and I can et it here at WSU Me (Thinking) : Seriously ... of all the ppl u could have asked...why me??
Any comments on the simmilarity between SITA in Ranamayan and HELEN of troy?  Ceartive inputs are more than welcome!
Finally have a linux box that runs Office 2007 :)
Pigly-wigly diet soda !
Just got to know that my co-worker was going to call cops on me ,cause that person did not know that  I was new to the work place. Fun  huh?
EPIPHANY : Two shots of JAMESON'S can do WONDER'S to your experiments beyond your wildest imagination :D
Simplicity in our lives comes out of deep thinking
What happened to the good ol' days when we could fly and and get inebriated by just thinkin' about it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
20-26 NICE!!!
To those with interest in international politics and policy I recommend : "THE POST-AMERICAN WORLD" By *PROPNAME* 3.84
Our personalities reflect the the environments we have lived in the past, which would also largely determine the ones we might live in.
Anyone looking for google wave invits ?.. lemme know.
LIVE FROM MY NEW KICK ASS 64-BIT PC
Its CONSIDERABLY COLDER here at PULLMAN , WA, than East Lansing!!
Watched AVATAR and it was  :  1. A sort anti-pollution, green peace statement 2. A light heart warming love story 3. AND WHAT NOT TO DO DO WHEN WE ACTUAL INVADE OTHER PLANETS :D
An existence of polemic bad ideas can cause considerable damage to society.
Finally found " *PROPNAME* and His Flying Robot " ... anybody remembers this series
Watched 9 and. it was fantastic!
Merry Christmas to you ALL!
East Lansing : -21 C (feels like) Pullman : -14 C (Feels like) Damn you East Lansing.. I shall have my revenge!
Finally got my paper degree . Officially , I have graduated!
Saw 3 idiots.. It was refreshing. Even though it appered to me as more of a commentary on  our education system.  However, it painted a fairly black'n white picture.  But then .. its just entertainment :)
East Lansing : -16 C (feels like) Pullman : -10 C (Feels like)
"My god its full of stars"...ANYONE?
Watching a Godzilla movie... I almost forgot how much i missed them!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Heard *PROPNAME* after a long time.  Took me back to my ol' school and undergrad  days
Watching K-pax and njoying every momemnt of it
About to brew my first gallon of beer!
(purposefully contradicting *PROPNAME*) AGHH!! The heat! *opens arms in welcoming fashion*. I mean, you all complain when it's cold and rainy, as per usual, and you complain when it's warm. CONSISTENCY, PEOPLE!
It’s true what they say; ignorance IS bliss. I envy kids that way, for not having the mental maturity to understand all the problems surrounding them. It’s nice to see that happiness and naivety every once in a while.
is introspective...
CRISIS Next weekend my brother is having a ‘giant’ sleepover with four of his devil spawn minions. 1) Isn’t he a little *old* for that kinda thing? 2) Last time ONE of them came over, I had to listen to Three Days Grace on full blast on my iPod so I could concentrate enough to READ. Yes, you heard me! If anybody who a) isn’t a pervert, and b) doesn’t hate me could offer a place to stay, I would be grateful...
is craving a vanilla latte and some new good music 'cause she's bored of just going through her shuffle... something Decemberist-esque? (Ha, that's a mouthful.)
Has anyone seen our homework timetables? Fucking A.
I had pancakes for lunch. I'm gonna die young and fat :'(
FUCKING HELL! THE THUNDER IS RIGHT ABOVE THE HOUSE!
"Ooooooh, I think I smell a rattttt"
The lighting's really weird out; the sky is dark, but everything else is almost luminescent.
made lemon cupcakes with pink icing. Ahhh, E. numbers.
"Halfway around the world Lies the one thing that you want Buried in the ground, hundreds of miles down First thing that arises in your mind while you awake Bending you til you break"
"I'm a road runner honey and you can't keep up with me" ~Aerosmith :)
Got a brilliant new playlist :D I heart it.
REDRUM.
wants to bury her head in a hole.
And it's an ALL-NIGHTER.
OMG! BROKEBACK MOUNTAIN!!! SQUEE!!!
burnt finger again...
How do you find out your fucking color group?
has burnt her finger. It really hurts, as well.
I must be pregnant, or something. It's not natural to have hummus cravings...
Downloading a new playlist. 1 hour, 40 minutes to go - woopee!
is, decidedly, an eloquent drunk.
Ugh I'm hungry. Siren Song - Bat For Lashes. Take Me To The Riot - Stars. Consolers Of The Lonely - The Raconteurs. Running Up That Hill - Placebo.
Ugh.
There are so many fucked up people because there are so many fucked up marriages or lack thereof.
To anyone who gives a shit, look at the photo I found of Wogie!!!
Tired with a pancake craving...
Buzzz...
Shitty day + Monday Migraine + Late home = URRRRRRRRG!
Half of my English coursework done. Woot!
*Swallows down last mouthful of seventh cup of tea today*
Sick - bleh :(
What modules//points do we have to revise for Chemistry?
SIX-HUNDRED DAYS!
My brother is watching the Jerk Theory for the third time since Friday.
IPOD FIXED!!!! YAY!!!
My hair smells like cookies...worrying... :S
Had great day in the snow with *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*. More to follow tomorrow :D
The Vanishing Act of *PROPNAME* <3
My inability to wash up properly means that nobody trusts me to do it :)
It's freaky. My brother's only two inches off me. Eh, he still has freakishly large feet. I can live happy with that abnormality even if it's not accompanied by a 5'4" frame.
Spent all day watching Glee. I hate it and love it at the same time. SO CHEESY!
Was ANYONE else off school today? I was sure nobody would be able to get in. Eh.
"NOT THAT KIND OF ESCORT!!!" Hehehe.
I'd swear the 'rents were just yelling "gavinda" right now...
Caffine. Check.
EVERYTHING FUCKING ACHES! (Don't you dare like this, *PROPNAME*.)
will break that trap = =+ and climb out alive.
GRE! GRE!! GRE!!!
A.D. - Always Derek
XD happy birthday to me ~
will soon fall into ETS's GRE trap ~
24 years old ~ ?????
(self-with-other knowledge) -- "... the self is in fact entagled at both the interpersonal level with specific others in one's life and at the collective level in relation to the social groups with which one identifies. At a cognitive level, this implies that linkages exist in memory between significant-other representations and the self, as well as between knowledge designating social categories and the self."
[ ?? ] ??MBA???????!?! ????! ???? [notice] anyone knows what questions are on a MBA interview? please let me know!
two interviews to go
so... doubling the rate of failure ~ hahahah
In the rainning storm of the morning, by the path of a farming country, the silver hair woman said to me as I greets her, "When tough time comes, the tough kept going."
anotha day, anotha dolla
tryin to figure out what to do w. a plane ticket to NYC the 24th w. no one to hang out with. FML!
Deceiving others. That's what the world calls a romance.
Taking out my frustrations on 300 plus pounds of gravity motivated iron
well everyone I know has got a reason to say, you could put the past away
Tattoo on the lower back...might as well be a bulls-eye
Just trying to play 1 round of golf before this summer is over!!
thought some chick was hitting on me last night, but it turned out she was just getting my attention so she could make fun of me for being over 20 and still wearing Abercrombie. FML!
get a job sparkling wiggles...
I love PSU!
last day of work! f'in right doggie!
Round 2...
I've had better...
living in a haze...looking for the meaning of life and only finding darkness
is so much cooler online
Trying to learn how to build a cowboy hat out of a Natty light boxes
trust lies at the core of love; there can be no true love without trust
has been working all week, it's time to play gonna get a little bit sideways
wicked salacity leads to anger and frustration
you're not sure that you love me, but you're not sure enough to let me go
taking one step forward then 2 steps back...story of my life
another lonely night with nothing to hold on to but memories of better days...
exhausted
recovery day
ugh! in rough shape
Don't worry about the people in your past, there's a reason they didn't make it to your future.
she said, "you probably don't remember me," I said, "only every other memory."
she put him out, like the burning end of a midnight cigarette
This is the man cave, there's no women allowed in here. I got a jerk-off station for God's sake.
I got a feelin' that tonight's gonna be a good night!
we'll put a boot in your ass, it's the American way
Southside tonight...any takers?
let's get drunk and be somebody
just livin' the dream
Findin' a steady pay check for next year...
Lovin' this Hawaiian pizza!
I just wish I could take back that kiss. Because now I know... it was the taste of betrayal.
WHITEOUT!!
credit card roulette cost me $81.10...FML!
I'm better than ya ex, gonna be better than ya next
PSU loss, Steelers loss...my life is in shambles
IM football, Southside...life is good
<insert depressing, emo lyrics here>
PSU this weekend? obvi!...
don't think I don't think about it, don't think I don't have regrets...
Maybe we have to break everything to make something better out of ourselves
Football all day...that's what I love about Sunday's
Lovin' life!
shorty's like a melody in my head
Getting some much needed TLC from mom...and the trap is cleaner than ever, which is nice!
I-N-D-E-P-E-N-D-E-N-T, do you know what that means?
(801): You dropped me off at the wrong girl's house. (1-801): There's no such thing as a "wrong girl" make it happen. (801): alright see you in the morning.
CMU football...is there anything better?
ugh! rough weekend!
dying of dysentry...
WPT, yes please!
terrible night!
is trying to justify his CMU education in exchange for the PSU atmosphere...not really working
noddin' my head like 'Yeah,' movin' my hips like 'Yeah!'
Just got pizza delivered to my house in Pittsburgh by a chick I went to high school with in Coudersport...feel so much better about my life right now!
"I don't feel like watching football, I would rather watch a good movie"--*PROPNAME*....manhood in question
everyone is single if you're willing to try hard enough
PHI is callin' my name!
Ready for the long weekend
false alarm. still invincible.
State blows another opportunity...shouldn't have expected anything else...
I am officially the dumbest person in the entire world...my life sucks
Chi-town for the weekend!
False alarm...still invincible
Is it May yet?
Turkey Bowl at Beaver Stadium...sick!
i guess if that's what you're into...
Tailgating in the Wendy's parking lot is the new thing to do!!
LMFAO!
Lately I've been hard to reach, I've been too long on my own.  Everybody has their private world where they can be alone. Are you calling me? Are you trying to get through? Are you reaching out for me? I'm reaching out for you...
tryin' to keep the streak alive
To feel your pain, you feel mine. Go inside eachother's minds, just to see what we'd find. Look at shit through eachother's eyes.
Man date at Hokkaido...SMAAART!
scars heal, glory fades, and all we're left with are the memories made. pain hurts, but only for a minute. your life is short so go on and live it, cause the chicks dig it
needs a formal date for Friday night...stat!
Cleveland celebrating birthdays with the King, New Years in the 'burg, cruisin' the Caribbean....gonna be a nice little weekend!
I'm pretty sure there's a lot more to life than being really, really, ridiculously good looking. And I plan on finding out what that is.
85 and sunny in Jamaica, 82 and sunny in Grand Cayman....SMICK!
Puzzling my face off!
Women lie, men lie, numbers don't lie!
4 rounds of credit card roulette shots and never had to pay...love that!
Trapp mandate...dinner and a movie, does it get any better?
FML!!
Composing a script for greek sing....will most definitely be epic!
ridiculous!
hang on tight, cause it's gonna be wilder than any 8 second ride
Jammin' some *PROPNAME* on the new Trapp piano!
All the classy broads hit up half price wine night right?...
Best. Wedding. Ever. I LOVE YOU TO DEATH EM AND COL!
Who's gonna see the Harry Potter movie with me? The person who comes is still allowed to judge me.
is sick =(
34,865 Kleenex and some codeine later, Kea rejoins the world of the living...
took the first step toward developing a green thumb today. Windowbox basil, anyone?
Good god, vacation can't get here soon enough. Here I come sun, sand, fresh seafood, and pleasure reading!
Well, it finally happened: I bought a coffee so big it didn't fit in my microwave for re-heating. (Sub-status update: Go to bing.com for some major Boston pride ;-)
Enjoying the lovely golden weekend!
couldn't hate these new Gap commercials more. They are seriously the devil's handiwork.
s dream of a roof garden will not be dashed, gosh darn it!
is pretty inspired by how active (and cool) some of her geriatrics patients are...
So like, what's the deal with *PROPNAME*? I think I'm missing a basic understanding of this cultural phenomenon.
Did anyone else think it was obvious *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME* were getting a divorce like 34 seasons ago?
Life is so good! Medicine rocks and I am so proud of my man for his stellar performance review today. Here comes the first Latino Microsoft CEO, watch and wait.
The roof garden is born! Will post pics after a dinner made with our very own herbs =)
hates saying bye to *PROPNAME*=(
Apparently, all it takes for me to go on a semi-psychotic, cockroach-killing rampage is two glasses of wine and a strategically placed Dansko.
Ok, the new *PROPNAME* & *PROPNAME* is kind of amazing. NOW who is coming with me on 10//22?
Very slowly meandering my way toward garden bliss. Does anyone in Philly have a patio umbrella they're trying to rid themselves of, by chance?
Days becoming so much shorter...
Hooked on Weeds without any way of getting my next dose soon. Damn you, Netflix instant queue and your empty promises.
If this societal obsession with vampires had happened while I was going through my "phase" in middle school, it really could have changed my life.
Good luck on shelves tomorrow, friends!
Out into the cool fall air for lots of mocha and a little studying.
never appreciated how good a dancer *PROPNAME* was until the recent marathons of Dirty Dancing. Kudos where kudos are due.
Anyone interested in joining me for *PROPNAME* y *PROPNAME* on Oct. 22 at the Electric Factory? Ticket are $35 =( but I'd go with good company!
s mind was just completely blown by the awesomeness of Zahav (Israeli restaurant here). Easily in the top three restaurants I've eaten at, worldwide. Go there. Now.
Enjoying the nostalgia of fall...
Hi, fall.
How about getting to bed early? Anyone want to jump on the bandwagon?
Forty-five minutes on a Rittenhouse bench, with a bag full of veggies and La Colombe mocha, really turns the day around =)
just had chicken McNuggets for dinner. This is a new low. And it's called "short call at CHOP."
Just burned out.
Q3 overnight call at CHOP tomorrow. Poopie.
forgot how much she missed House until she saw the premiere. Love it.
thinks it feels pretty fly to see her tiny shoots of arugula (and spinach, kale, and two types of lettuces) battling the odds!
Hm. Apparently running for the first time in months makes me simultaneously feel like horse $#!@ and want to devour a steak. Wasn't prepared for that.
How did fall completely slip through the crack between summer and winter?
Maybe I should have Bing'd whether staph aureus toxin is inactivated via boiling BEFORE boiling and eating the soup I left out for 24 hours.
*PROPNAME* at RitFit is my new favorite person. It's kinda nice to be cajoled into thinking you're "way stronger than you think" at doing bicep curls. And that's what I'm paying him for.
Just scared myself senseless by watching most of Dracula. I am such a bigger pansy than I used to be, back in my vampire-obsessed, middle-school days...
Sick day today =(
Weekends go by so quickly... =(
No wonder *PROPNAME* *PROPNAME* *PROPNAME* dumped *PROPNAME*. His song about her is HORRENDOUS, even for a 90s ballad. Now I understand that *PROPNAME* is a (marginal) step up for her. *Shudder*
had about 7L of insensible losses via mouth-breathing last night and woke up with a tongue the consistency of beef jerky. This viral URI can stick it up its tiny viral you-know-whoosy.
Holy crap. I am in love with you *PROPNAME* y *PROPNAME*. IN LOVE WITH YOU.
Turned the heat on, finally.
can't taste her food and is officially pissed at her URI.
Somtimes you just gotta laugh.
finally drove out the dust ponies. They were becoming too domesticated and needed to be set free in their natural habitat.
needs free and lazy costume ideas. The polls are open!
has 10 times more respect for *PROPNAME* after her crazy bra lady moves. Herioc indeed.
watched in shock today as a nurse on the bus poked and yelled at an old, disabled man for sitting too close to her in the section designated for old and disabled people. Wishing I'd said something.
Buy a Christmas//Hannukah//Kwanzaa//Solstice tree? Check. Get Step 1 books? Check. Start dinner before 10pm? Check. It's really amazing what we can accomplish when we're let out of surgery early!
Sunday blues.
I recounted my nap-dream to Raf just now. He recounted that he wanted to shoot himself in the face. Apparently the narrative was much more exciting and dramatic in my head...
Note to self: Trying to rekindle an old flame for string cheese is not well accomplished using low-salt, skim mozarella sticks.
Not only is Dracula good, but Batman Forever is still amazing. I had SUCH good taste in movies as a high schooler, holy crap! And now I like The Holiday?!
Christmas tree decorating. *PROPNAME* of the Bells. Potentially cocoa and//or holiday cookie baking. I am officially the worst Jew ever.
Is anyone else kinda suffering through this elective ranking process? I spent months obsessing over the exciting possibilities, and now all I want to do is avoid it...
Halfway done with med school and off to the Outer Banks for two weeks. Limited access to phone and e-mail, but will check when I can! CONGRATS classmates!
*PROPNAME* has officially caused my imminent failing of OB//GYN. I have spent a cumulative day reading "The Hunger Games" and its sequel, "Catching Fire" in the last week. And now I can't study because I'm pining for the final book in the series, which won't come out til August. Damn you, *PROPNAME*, and your cruel attempt to get me reading again!
Brokeback is officially the most depressing movie of all time.
Thank you, Case Files. If it weren't for you, I wouldn't know what to expect when undergoing "The Menopause."
Home sweet turkey!
Sunday. *PROPNAME* gone. And the person standing in line behind me at the minimart, who saw me paying with a bill that had a giant inappropriate anatomical figure on it, was a pastor. Of course.
Me: "Omg I am tired after two robotic-assisted laparoscopic hysterectomies with bilateral salpingoopherectomies. *PROPNAME*: "Awesome I did a fatakanicous dilopidous internal rectomy today too." I pity the fool who is forced to date a med student.
T-6 days til St. John and leaving *PROPNAME* til March. I just realized how weird this feels.
Mmm. Nothing like tea and Galetti to transport me back to early morning breakfasts in Florence.
"Cuz when the roof caved in and the truth came out I just didn't know what to doooo, But when I become a star we'll be living so large I'll do anything for youuuu...". On repeat. I don't care if this makes me a loser.
got a white Christmas of her own: hilltop house engulfed in a cloud all day! Thx for pulling through, St. John ;-)
Santa must LOVE me; St. John bound in T-11 days!
If there had been a real fire tonight, everyone in my building (including me) would be burned to a crisp right now because apparently a fire alarm isn't enough to lure us from our dens.
wishes the weekend would never end =)
Waiting for a batch of homemade peppermint bark to set in the fridge to help ring in the New Year! Suck it, Williams Sonoma, with your exorbitant prices!
wouldn't mind if a Philly, NYC, or Boston friend posted pics of the snowy city to FB! C'mon, give a girl a white Christmas =)
Kea: For the love of God, I am begging you to return those heinous Brooks Brothers shirts. *PROPNAME*: Well your face is heinous. And I don't ask you to return THAT. (Just another morning's playful banter between someone studying for Step 1 and someone fighting off an awful cold...)
Finally caved and saw Avatar. As I suspected, real life now looks bland and 2-D. =//
just canceled out the vote of an obnoxious, be-cashmere-scarved prettyman chanting "*PROPNAME*, hare krishna, *PROPNAME*" in the middle of Starbucks. Health care for all!
Here's hoping the House and Senate can reach some sort of agreement...
Almost just passed out in the library trying to test my Valsalva//baroreceptor//HR reflex. And no, my reflex is NOT intact, thankyouforasking. Frick!
is officially more than halfway done studying for Step 1. Yikos.
just completed her night cheese ;-)
would rather be potting. Even after 10 hours in the studio this weekend...
s library nemesis has answered her pine nut brittle with chips, a paper lunch bag, and a thinly-veiled apology for his "snack attack." Touché, library nemesis, touché.
just found a blue rubber band in her pork wonton.
Really, USMLE World? You really want me to know which growth factor receptors have intrinsic tyrosine kinase activity, and which ones need JAK//STAT for signal transduction? I poop on you.
I hate to disappoint you, but my rubber lips are immune to your charms.
1. Kea: a) one who has an excessive amount of cool b) a verb showing that someone is doing something sick c) a person filled with self-loathing for actually following this FB fad
Meh.
Ok, *PROPNAME*. You only get to name ONE disease with a name that ridiculous. Come on!
can't decide if it's good or bad that med students score worse than a monkey randomly choosing an answer for some of these USMLE questions...
just typed "loves 30 Rock so much it hurts sometimes" into the FB search box. I think I'm hemorrhaging brain cells at this point.
Had a dream last night that I defied the laws of the space-time continuum. Isn't that like the holy grail of dreams?
Who dat?!
Seriously going insane. Actually wishing I could move up my date to spare myself the psychological nightmare of last-minute USMLE studying.
thinks one of her library nemeses is trying her own emergency tactic on her, namely, faking a horrendous cough to drive others away. Oh, it's ON, bitch!
caved.
back to reality
Some phone no. from San Ramon called and I was excited to answer as I thought it was the school district, only to hear that they were looking for a *PROPNAME*. Boo :// ...*PROPNAME*
working on a few art projects ;D Ideas//Inspirations//Dreams are welcomed! ...
takes a hike.
*crossing fingers*
will try my hands at sushi makin' :p
No matter what, you've got to strut
wants to practice her markswoman skills. Wonders if there are any archery classes in this neck of the woods ...      D------ -
Dad tells me that he listens to "Gin and Juice" on his way to work sometimes. I lol'd
...98.1 Golden Oldies ;)
is happy Southwest found her luggage today!
Dirt Divas championships, then off to Denver!
Someone give Lady Gaga a bandaid!!!
"Baby I've got you on my mind..." O_<
When one door closes, another one opens...
is no longer at *PROPNAME*.
Can't wait for Casablanca theme night!!
Walgreens all out of the flu vaccine...Plan B...vitamins(?)
Guy in a "peace-sign" truck tailgates then cuts me off on the freeway. Some act of kindness a-hole.
Student: Can I turn this assignment in late and still get full credit? Ms. T: Nope. Student: I'll give you an apple? Ms. T: Too cliche. Student: ..How 'bout a pineapple?
is really excited about arranging and decorating the classroom today :p
the classroom didn't feel like a sauna or smell like sweaty sock-house today. Whoohooo!
dreaming in color
needs to fight off this cold o_O
is drinking ice tea by the pool ... like a boss
About to use my new alarm clock that projects time on the ceiling ;p Laziest thing ever and I'm gonna love it!
Brother says I look like a Russian spy right now. lol!
Feels like punching something. What should it be?
I'm just sippin on chamomile...
hopes it will snow in Concord again this week. That was the highlight of the day for sure!
doesn't like it when things don't go according to plan, but is grateful for her ability to improvise :p
Visiting mah' parents...ready to play Beatles Rockband with muh' brothas. haha
Fun time with BG at "Nightlife" Academy of Science. Drinking some wine, gazing at stars, observing an albino alligator, and dancing to some bongo-beats! Craazy mix
Congratulations to *PROPNAME*, 2009 Graduate! Whoohooo! Keep reachin' for the stars broder :D
getting organized
Good deal on my New Years 'fit and my first good pair of 4 inch pumps! Lets see if I survive the night...haha
wants an ice cold beer!!
Going to the golfing range with Papa-Diddy Pops :)
just as I remembered...rockclimbing is the shizz! Now I'm amp'd for the work week. ;D
s feeling good :)
"But he was able to understand one thing: making a decision was only the beginning of things."
Get up and get out
"Forever young, I wanna be, forever young..."
looking forward.
....YAWN....
Yay no black eye. Boo no fencing tomorrow night.
Yawn.
is attempting to clean her apartment...
Doesn't like her schedule changing so often.
had an absolutely marvelous 4th anniversary yesterday....
can't sleep...dang those hyper little elves running around in my brain.
needs to start cleaning and packing again. Boo.
...will make a better attempt at cleaning tomorrow.
Cleaning and Packing. For real this time...
had a good weekend. :-)
Woo!
thinks that it shouldn't take 4 phone calls to find out if you are picking up something for dinner or not.
Thanks for all of the Birthday wishes, I had a great day!
was bitten today. By an evil little Dachshund.
needs to add water to the fishtanks...
Cleaning....mostly. Sort of. Things are actually getting done, I'm just not sure what!
has a stuffy nose. blargh.
is packing!
Woo! *PROPNAME* gets back from New Mexico today! (Well, tonight)
Approx  2 weeks until new apartment...and I don't have a single thing packed!
doobee doobee doo, wait'n on the doctor...
needs the internetz at her new house...
is watching movies.
dislikes packing.
is angry at her belly. Even though it no longer has staples in it.
will be going home today!
yay no more hospital!
is sitting in Barnes and Noble :-) Yay Free WiFi!
...my parents are re-confirming that they are totally nutso... :-)
has no idea...
has a new kitten! Pictures eventually, I promise!
has finished Season 2 of Stargate SG-1!
hopes that everyone had a Merry Christmas!
WOOO! Blue Moon New Year's Eve!
#NAME?
thinks that she's allowed to have foooooooood today!
wishes that Facebook would trash the RIGHT things when they decide to go and clean house...
is on day 2 of hospitalization. Appendiectomy is not fun. Boo vestigial organs.
Me + Exams = Epic Phail ~.~
*begins chanting in an unknown language with warcraft music playing in the background*
Is gonna get his own laptop soon (tomorrow) >.> Finally... after all these years... waiting... for my revenge!! (on the online world that is) :O
After spending time on watching Code Geass instead of doing my PW... I realised... that is was soooo worth it... Best Anime Show Ever... Fuck The Ending... ugh...
ITS OVER 9000!!!@#$%^&!! :D
Believes that life is like the open sea, and truth is the wind in our sails. (no wonder I'm not moving)
I suck!
Just experienced water rationing. It was fun. It's what happens when construction workers screw up and break the water pipe for your block... LOL (no water the whole day today and tomorrow) :o
Just had an awesome Friday. Like, Seriously... haha
SongRocxzxzxzxzzx
I have to run, run to the moment that set me free. I need to know why I hear the sound... the sound of my dream -
Nothing comes to my mind...
Realised that he is actually a Virgo... lol
There is no emotion; there is peace.  There is no ignorance; there is knowledge.  There is no passion; there is serenity.  There is no death; there is the Force.
Thanks to some random person in my class having H1N1, my exams have been postponed for like... A ENTIRE WEEK!!! So now... Back to Warcraft... and imma panic later XD
Needs to wake up...
needs to change...
is now even less likely to study because fortune teller genius told him that he didn't have to >.>
Loves the rain, it makes him feel better for some reason... good bye suicidal thoughts, hello happy ones ^^ MOAR RAIN PLZ!!!!! D:
Needs to stop consumption of harmful substances ... but can't D:
Thanks everyone, for the birthday wishes, appreciate it (:
wants the world to hurry up and end already.....
Reflecting upon an entire week of school break: - Good News - I cleaned my room! - Bad News   - That was about the only beneficial thing I did the entire week..... Conclusion: I'm sooooo screwed..... >_>
He who has not found something which he would die for has no right to live.
After 3 hours of online reading and research, I have diagnosed myself to have a type of Red-Green colour deficiency, under Anomalous Trichomy, called Deuteranomaly.  LIFE SUCKS! ...
So many words and faces... So many different voices... Where do they lead...
I love chaos, for most are consumed by it, blind to its hidden beauty, allowing me excludibility to revel at its magnificence.
I officially have got nothing to do ... at all... like... seriously...
Weak hearts faint, When troubles rises. Brave hearts soars, Steals all the prizes. False heart, it shrinks small in peace. And finds in fear, no sucrease.
It has been confirmed... I'm going to poly! >=D Now... to find a job while I wait... >.>
The americans have forgotten that they were once terrorists to the british ~
Can't believe he overslept today... of all days... ~.~ The Day of Reckoning is at hand! XD
never thought that he would see the day where he would wish for failure.
The world is so desperate nowadays that the promise for peace can win a man a Nobel Prize. Let's hope that he keeps his word.
I need to get a shirt that says, "I don't speak Chinese!" ... Like... seriously... ._.
needz moar!
Trust should only be given to those who truly understand its value.
Let's see... we've had typhoons in pacific asia, and now heavy flooding in the UK, bushfires in Australia, Landslides in Turkey, Volcano Eruption in Colombia, New mutation of H1N1 that's resistant to tamiflu, and a whole lot of violent human related killings, while here in Singapore we complain about water reaching our ankles... WTF?!
When you start debating to yourself on the mechanisms of magic, you also subconciously debate as to the strength of your hold on reality. Conclusion: Fantasy is addictive. O,O
No sense makes nonsense, but nonsense makes sense. So what then is nonsense, in a world without sense? O.o
It's amazing how easily you can find aunties that speak both Malay & Chinese but not english...
Me, myself, and my computer. Deja vu
had a - has a fever. Got stuck in a jam at orchard road. After the jam, bus broke down. While waiting at a new bus stop, two busses drove by without stopping. Ended up taking four hours to get home. God is Evil.
is finally on a Role Playing World of Warcraft Server! All aboard the Fantasy train! >=D
No more TV mobile Next year... I am sad... D:
"But I don't want to go among mad people," Alice remarked. "Oh, you can't help that," said the Cat: "we're all mad here. I'm mad. You're mad." "How do you know I'm mad?" said Alice. "You must be," said the Cat, "or you wouldn't have come here."
Women speak because they wish to speak, whereas a man speaks only when driven to speech by something outside himself -- like, for instance, when he can't find any clean socks...
Watched Inglorius Basterds on Blu-Ray followed by Avatar in 3D and is feeling soooo Epic. Dayum.
New philosophy for 2010: If it makes you feel good, then I say do it.
WoW Patch 3.3 is out... It's titled, "Fall of the Lich King" ... WHY MUST ARTHAS DIE?! OH GOD WHY?! T-T ((Then again... Yay for Justice! ^^))
is cutting his hair bald -
A break from the norm in the wake of this storm is the strange sound of silence as I wait to be born
Well, according to my parents, when I was like 6, everytime my sister tried to call me 'abang', I'd shout at her and say, "Brother!! Not abang!!" At least now I know why I never got anywhere with malay >.>
There was a staff meeting earlier today... When everyone was gathered, attention focused on the manager, I heard the Godfather soundtrack start to play over the speakers... just before the manager started speaking... Coincidence? I THINK NOT! >.>
I made an oopsie :>
There's this guy at my workplace who only speaks chinese. We communicate through hand signals and inferrence on my part. At first, I just thought that he was really friendly, brotherly love and all that. Then when the aunties saw him smiling at me, then told me in english, "He's Gay." Now I'm scared O_O
Something Wicked This Way Comes... ... o.o
Quote of the day: "Sex is a weapon the girls use to defeat us!" - Random Primary school boys who were sitting behind me on a bus... lol
Is sooo screwed for his promos..... Good Bye JC Life... ~.~
I have got loads of naturally white hair, am easily fatigued, suffer from the occasional backache, and am now growing a nice round tummy, apparently. I'm getting too old for this...
Its way to early on a Saturday to be heading to work...
relaxing at Chapel Ridge Pool...call me if you would like to join. 252-646-3927!
doesn't know what to do now...
had a bad day...
And I won't be far from where you are if ever you should call, You meant more to me than anyone I ever loved at all; But you taught me how to trust myself and so I say to you,This is what I have to do
moving day...
really f-in upset...
is gonna be alright, but tonight is not the night...
some asshole side-swided my car...
beach!!!
off to work!!
IN MHC!!!
hoping that tomorrow will be better than today...
MHC for Seafood Festival!! Time for some good music, good food, and great friends!
had an amazing weekend, but now it is time to get some work done!
today just got so much better!
got the job!!!
I am so jealous of everyone that is already of Thanksgiving break...
I'll take it...
finally gets to go home tomorrow!
work this morning then MHC bound!
interview @ Elon!!
interview at ECU
Was stuck between reality and a dream...unpleasant.
Let's go to Italia~~
Is going back to the homeland
"Oh my God dude, doing 5 tomorrow is going to feel like sex!" --*PROPNAME*
Asleep with open eyes.
The love of my life: repeat 800s on a sunny day.
"Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment." --Buddha
Driving to nowhere. Accompanied only by the pitter-patters of rain on my windshield.
"We Americans think you have to accomplish everything quickly. We're the country of thirty-minute lunches and two-minute football drill...[we need to] slow down and make building relationships as important as building projects."  --*PROPNAME*
I declare myself a mercenary. Have a job? I'll get it done.
...wow...
Is back
38 miles last week, more this week, lifting despite the soar screeches on my muscles. My body hates me right now...
It might be time for one last great adventure, a minimum 13 hour plane ride away.
My cat squeaks when he stretches.
Feeling Hypnotized.
There's just something about those cold winter nights.
Born three times.
This year, and especially fall has definitely established a theme for itself. Seriously Higher Being, watching a dark comedy may be fun for you, but I can assure you that living it is an entirely opposite experience.
Goals for the next 11 months: (1) Rock the fuck out of the LSAT (2) Run under 3 in the marathon (3) Get into a baller law school (4) Buy a BMW Z4 (5) Laos, Vietnam, Cambodia anyone???
Just ran 18 miles....
My new philosophy: study and get ripped. Fuck everything and everyone else.
Marathon in a few days O_O.
Thanks for the support guys! We did it.
"Sit back and curiously observe the ride. You're not going to enjoy it, but it is going to take you somewhere." --Me under the inspiration of some lost muse.
Long long long day
Going running down a trail of bright oranges and yellows.
Pop Rocks are the shit.
Yay for adventures.
A little tanner, great times, and now very current on hip-hop.
Thanks for all the birthday love everyone!
Had a ridiculous time in Holland with his boys *PROPNAME* and *PROPNAME*. Now he needs some shoes, some finances and a hike up the highest mountain in Poland.
Is in Holland baby!
Real Talk.
Found a feather sticking out of his Wendy's chicken nugget....at least now we know it's made from a bird right?
I guess there's still some hope. A stranger helped me out today.
Saw a shooting star on number seven of eight 800s.
In a cafe...again, doin what I always do.
beach, beach, beach!!!!!! :]
:]]
aawww, i feel like shit.//
ahhh work is sooo slowww:[[[
haha, poor richie, richie, richie:]
:] ahhh, love it
workk sucks:[
let's just fucking rage and hit her in her face! HRA%#(HS
what a good day! ahh i'm so excited:]
another double shitf! oh joyyy:] can it just be 1am already?
is not a paitent person and finds this super annoying.
everythign but the rain :D
"don't trip, know i'll always be by your side. keep your chin up and smile. stay positive, it is what it is..oh my oh my, look on the bright side"
canteen grill then lazy dog cafe then maybe ucla? idk see you tonight bradley!!! :]]
HAPPPY HALLOWEEN!!!!!!!! time to celebrate
canteen then lazy dog then samba universal!!! :] go! go! go! go!
come visit me at work i'm sooo bored! ://
party's off guys,lake show and unborn
soooo busy at work!!!!
what a day...home sweet home!
the busy day continues... ;-)
at Great America with over 100 kids......the madness?!?!??!
how do you play poker?!
hahhhahaha
chicka boom boom
I need to find something meaningful to do
hello ochem, please love me
hrmm
wee xmas!
i want to sniff yur armpits!!! =o)
what school week is this?
is wondering how many people know that the United States' Independence Day is actually the day that they published the Declaration of Independence, not the day they signed it into law.
wishes that someone would ask her what she wanted to do for once, instead of having everyone just tell her what they want her to do. : //
is hoping this week will be better than the last.
I seriously wonder why her body decides now of all times to get sick.
is excited for the long weekend and the first football game of the season! Go State!!
is glad the week is pretty much half over.
"Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former." -Einstein
it will be a long week....
R.I.P. *PROPNAME*, you will be missed...
is excited! I just bought tickets for the Izzone Reunion game.... going back to relive the good ol' days!
cannot express how glad she is that it is finally friday.
"MSU caught a wolverine. They hit it with a shovel and painted it GREEN!" Lol!
Whats with all this white stuff??
needs to just calm down, take things one step at a time and remember that its her life and nobody else's.
"I think we should give our new logo to U of M, it should probably be able to coach their football team better than RichRod." LOL... seriously
Going off to kick my own ass at the gym once more.... For better or worse, this type of masochism is highly addictive
I'm a facebook noob...
Has a fever of 102 :(
is going crazy from editing CSS files.
Aion, I think that might be my next MMO addiction...
If you can teach your parents computers, you can teach anyone.
Whats the point in re-directing downloads?
So much work, so little time...
Why does firefox crash at the most important times?!
Owl City - electronica, pop, alternative.  What a great combination. Plus, their album is actually good unlike half the songs on the radio.
why does it seem like im always online these days?...
beach?!?
if your a girl and you haven't seen the miniseries North and South (BBC) you need too!!
Dear planes,  Please stop crashing, I'd like to go on a trip to Ireland without dying on either flight.  Thanks, *PROPNAME*
nm... out for a walk to the PIER! llame to make the walk go faster... or to come along :)
yeah... i'm in the american executive!! woo
according to Japanese scientists.. humans glow!! i KNEW it!! :)
okay fine... i'm going, i'm going...
the Ugly Truth was fantastic!
no really... I'm watching *PROPNAME*.
lovin the warm windy HB weather in my backyard
my hair is turning black!!!
read harry potter 7 cover to cover in a day just cuz
hungeeee!!
is at the beach at 30th st in newport... come join! give me a call or just show up! :)
oh god... baby next door wont stop crying grrrr!!
so one day, I'm going to ride a horse (Fresian to be specific) over some majestic rolling hills and *PROPNAME* is going to run behnind me with a boombox blasting epic music... i can't wait
sigh... Debussy... always puts me in agood mood
stimulated the economy yesterday... there goes 100 on makeup... now next on the list... somewhere to go all dressed up
I'ma gonna watch you break it down and dance.
sooo, this essay....
tear :`( really?...
the unknown is NOT fun. Ya'll are crazy for thinking so. lol
will complete seaon 3 and 4 of Kim Possible by tonight :)
LOVES *PROPNAME* Day <3 <3 <3
is on a tour of Asia. Burmese Saturdays, Japanese Sundays, Mongolian Mondays, Thai Tuesdays.... suggestions?
i think its unholy to be up at this hour twice in two days....
anyone have a place i can put my car during the football game? our house is doing football parking so its getting kicked out :( poor thing
eating seaweed.... wow.. thanks berkeley... what have you done to me
getting down with the Soweto gospel choir
Babbbbyyy you've got what it takes!
Though (*PROPNAME* < *PROPNAME*) they both = amazing. <3
really into *PROPNAME* right now
Guess how old I am in my profile photo
all of a sudden I'm really REALLY excited for Christmas <3
stomach wants to kill me ://
is OFFICIALLY nominated to the Peace Corps!!
Christmas tunes have started!!
House is addictivly depressing
"I want your love and  I want your revenge" "You and me could write a bad romance  " "I want your love and  All your lovers' revenge  " "You and me could write a bad romance"
Watching X-Men cartoons at home..I think I could do this for the rest of my life
omg.... peopleofwalmart.com
I have *PROPNAME* on the brain. ugh... one of these days I will remember to write about a topic other than intellectuals in colonial eras.... UGH
I really want to watch Gladiator right now
why yes I do lipsynch to the Soweto Gospel Choir in Zulu
President Obama -- fighting wars in two countries -- will arrive in Norway on Thursday to accept the Nobel Peace Prize.... Amusing CNN headline
Come to the J.S. Bach Magnificat at noon tomorrow at Hertz Hall!!
Mister Squiggles, the light-brown version of the hamsters, has unsafe levels of antimony.
Please choose ONE of the options and then write an essay in which you offer an argument so brilliant, so insightful, and so well-supported that political analysts around the globe are left astonished, humbled, and shaken (if not stirred).   - I <3 you *PROPNAME*. This is the best prompt ever.
Way to go young people, our contribution to society? "Unfriend" has been added to the OED.
"history must concede that he was in the exceptional position of a self infatuated man who happened to be right" --- the entertaining things i find while researching
FAIL. Instead of writing bspace.edu I wrote facebook.com
I wish everytime a camera circled around my chair a month went by. (See New Moon and You understand)
does not want to go back to berkeley.... well except for friendzies <3
is a Teach for American 2010 Corps Member!!!  (Southern Louisiana, Secondary Biology)
Grandma and I had a fight yesterday about whether the owner of the restaurant sounded like Blanche or Rose from the Golden Girls. Good Times. <3
*PROPNAME*
When sending your Christmas cards this year please take an extra one and send it to this address: A Recovering American Soldier c//o Walter Reed Army Medical Center 6900 Georgia Avenue NW; Washington, D.C. 20307. If we pass this on, think of how many cards our wonderful wounded military will get. PASS THIS ON TO ALL YOUR FRIENDS. (JUST COPY AND PASTE TO YOUR WALL)
is at jury duty ugh
New Years Resolutions 1) To become Kim Possible 2) To get a pony
fun fact... the foremost creationist advocate got his phd in bio chem from berktown
in Big Bear until Friday call me if you need me
so not cool with the fact that *PROPNAME* (who is 34 btw) is getting married to a 22 yr old argentinian model... exuse moi *PROPNAME*, I happen to be 22, you didnt have to look that far.
today was a new day then promptly ate 2 sees candies
insecureorama
Hello My name is *PROPNAME*, Human Cyborg relations... :) <3 to fam for actually watching the film with me last night... classic!!
teaching myself ALL of AP bio and 4 years of an education major's knowledge in 2 days booyah!
made mochi and red bean
are you kidding me... there is a book about how mr darcy is a vampire? really? okay you convinced me.... i'm reading it
His Royal Highness Fluff n' Stuff IS the perfect name for a pony!
Obama got the Nobel Peace Prize the same day that we bombed the moon... interesting...
GO BEARS!!!
Anyone interested in Seeing *PROPNAME* at the Nokia Theatre on the 28th of Feb?
yesssss, josh groban has a solo in the new "we are the world recording".....
why is it that whenever there is a pig butchered in Europe there are always drinks and snacks? - *PROPNAME*
I really REALLY REALLY want to be a Star Fleet officer. I have since I was 5 and I still do.
re: the completly redone monopoly game's utter potential failure:  So far, the Internet echo chamber's biggest criticism focuses on the new version's tight security. It seems that when it comes to Monopoly, *half the fun comes from cheating by stealing from the till when nobody's looking*, a loophole the new version closes with its fancy electronic banking.
I <3 My Garmin Forerunner
I honestly don't know who *PROPNAME* is.
PASSED my Praxis exams with flying colors!!! Thank you *PROPNAME*'s notes for that recognition of excellence on the PLT 7-12 :) <3
In Berkeley hit me up to hang out :)
why yes I am listening to the Backstreet Boys' new CD and cooking fudge. .... soon, I'll get a cat.
got a doggie!! what to name it?
prefers swimming in Lake Tahoe to staring at it on her computer desktop :)
wishes she could give her dog a huge hug right now.  Dog lovers: read "The Art of Racing in the Rain"
hey friends! did anyone leave a fake (but extremely real looking) gun in my car?
is speechless from the flowers sitting on my desk.  can't stop smiling.  I honestly don't know how I got so lucky
TAHOE TIME!
in the studio.  listening to amazing musicians record an amazing film score. so proud of my genius composer boyfriend!
has a crush on the birthday boy...
MAUI. so happy and warm and thankful :)
longest day ever?  Full day in hawaii + red eye flight to LA followed by 15 hours of rehearsal for The Sing-Off.... it's time to SLEEP!
is drinking tea and Emergen-C like it's nobody's business.  I refuse to be sick any longer!!
Tonight! NBC at 8 pm! The Sing-Off is ON and I am freakin excited!
Wow, I am blown away by how supportive everyone is!! THANK YOU! 2nd episode tonight at 8 :)
is back in LA! back at work! back to 75 degrees and sunny!  and yet, missing the single-digit temperatures of chicago....
is having a little bit of a post-haircut freak-out. (it's so short!! ah!)
woke up in Chicago :) Happy, healthy, wonderful new year, everyone!!
family in LA! let the restaurant adventures begin!
is in Floriderrr until the night of July 14th
is 65 degrees 87 percent humidity warm enough to go out tonight in shorts hmm
is really fucking tired of my dad telling me that nothing I do or plan is important.
is hoping some meditative (aka repetitive) work will pick her up and clear her head today
Transformers 2=the best trash I've seen in a long time
drowning misery in alcohol and Civ 4, 1v1 raging barbarians on a large map
If anyone needs help in a math class, my friend *PROPNAME* is an experienced tutor so feel free to contact him. (Not taking any math classes myself, fuck math!!)
It's official: I'd rather have watched 6 depressing foreign language films than this boring 2-hour long piece of crap called Adventureland
Man I'm not gonna end up finishing my portfolio website over break am I
seems I'll be back in NYC with the BF Jan 6 and 7, hmm what to do
has a functioning proto-website in just 3 hours (less if I hadn't forgotten everything about CSS & Wordpress)! Yay!
Am I the only person who got all teary-eyed during *PROPNAME*'s emotional speech?
Is anyone else catching the disastrous wordspacing on the screenshot for iBooks? Why cant each book be typeset the way it was for print?
YAAAAAAAAAAAY SAINTS!!!! New York is out so Im pulling for you!!
Seriously I dont know how male dominated Apple is but "pad" has a whole different connotation for us ladies
It seems that Apple instead of creating a tablet Mac they created a big iPhone and one that doesn't seem to improve drastically on it. :(
Im so happy for the Saints!!! Now time to sober up and look forward to the Olympics
Just realized Valentines Day//Chinese New Year is this Sunday, not Saturday...oops
I've lived in this place and I know all the faces Each one is different but they're always the same They mean me no harm but it's time that I face it They'll never allow me to change'
To see you when I wake up Is a gift I didn't think could be real
Had an incredible night...from now on if ur looking for me on a tuesday night I will be at the derbs : )
There is never enough time to do everything, but there is always enough time to do the most important thing'
Definately maybe : )
wants to curl up and watch movies all night : )
wondering if I've got the strength to get through this one : //
Help me remember --*PROPNAME*
GOT A JOB!!!! yesssssss : ) : ) : )
crawling into bed and sleeping for 500000000000   years..... <3 vegas
: )
Cos all of the stars are fading away Just try not to worry youll see them some day
Thinking a downtown sb visit for halloween might be very necessary : )
Ata motseh chen b'aynai
It's our god forsaken right to be loved <3 <3 <3 <3'd
Cooking up a storm <3
On a mission to go back home for the world cup!!! Anyone know how to not make it a mission? haha... South Africa here we come <3 <3
bit my nails through that whole game... a wins a win though : )
True life: two young people believe that love can only be achieved with multiple partners...huh
My pin: 24797c05
No work tomorrow! finally...time for a great night and a morning of sleeping in : )
My pin: 24797c05
My intention is to go to your damn school...why do I need to write a whole essay telling you that!!!
Thank you so much for all the bday love, I'm a lucky girl : ) come to the DERBY tonight to celebrate!!! call or text if you have questions <3 <3
Poor chargers
To see you when I wake up is a gift I didn't think could be real'
Wow I'm a very happy camper : ) I think an SB visit is in order NOW..katie no comments hahah <3 <3
This is NOT funny. tornados do not exist in orange county, they just dont.
Only made it back to olympic from school...i like : )
Not going to work today...i have a laker game to watch, very important. priorities, priorities.
Define me urban dictionary "The Most wonderful person in the World. Kind, Sweet, Loving, Caring, Gentle. Perfect in Every way. The one you love for all your life. Crazy hot girl. Beautiful, smart & funny; *PROPNAME* posesses atributes absent in 99.9% of women. Truly a lucky find. Plus she rocks. The most wonderful drug in the world, better know as lortab. taking the pill may cause a sense of euphoria, & well being." hahaha
"Distance is just a test to see how far love can travel"
3 more days until santa barbara!! Its gonna be a phenomenal weeekend : )
Just learned about how succe$$ful I will be, very shortly : ) dont be jealous, you get what you give
Beautiful ceremony for a beautiful person. You will be missed and loved forever but never forgotten. Rest peacefully <3
R.I.P *PROPNAME*! You and your music will alway be in my heart :(
I  walked around whole Sundsvall today and half the way it started to rain.....
I'm off to work!! have the evening shift....
Have a new IPOD :)
Welcome Dinner tonight and I'm the toastmaster :)
Have done Zumba for the past 1 hour... a really greate form of workout.. Love it!! :)
Have fixed my music library on my laptop... so now everything is in order :)
A whole day of shoping and I didn't find a single thing...... hmmmmm
My troath hurts :(
First day of school wasn't so bad.... Just abit scary ;)
Soon on my way to the Bad Taste party.... :)
relaxing after yesterdays party :)
RIP *PROPNAME* - Boyzone will never be the same without you....
I'm down.... In bed with a nasty cold....just want to sleep... I really hate being sick.... :(
Got a new mobilephone..... :)
It's Snowing!!! Ahhhhhhh.....
Had a home-spa day today, the best thing to do if you want to kill some time when it's raining outside...
I just fell in love with jazz improvisation.. it's so much fun :)
Had my first statistics class today and it was so..... hmmm... how should I say it.... messy maybe...  this really gonna be a strange class.....
Back home again from the Tallinn Party Cruise.... Tierd but Happy :)
Trying to find schools for my C-level paper....
From All of Us to All of You a Very Merry Christmas :) !!!!
Only 1.5 weeks left of my summer-work then its back to Karlstad again... Looking forward to it.... It starting to get abot boring up here in the north.... ;)
I'm Happy, Happy, Happy, Happy.... Thanks everyone for the nice Birthday wishes I love you all!!!! :D
Motivation = Zero
Conflictmanagement are really interesting... I just find out that i'm more like my mother then I thought :)
Was on my first voice lesson today... feels good to start singing again... It was a long time ago... but now I'm back on track again ;)
I like my life right now... :)
thinks this is the best day ever!!! ;)
is on *PROPNAME*'s 30th birthday Golf Pub Crawl!!
is loving girls night out for *PROPNAME*'s bday!
is @ the Whitecaps!!
loves her new Jeep Liberty!!
is praying that that tech guys can save her computer otherwise I start my thesis over from ground zero...
on the boat with M&M!
is picking up JLGR's Beneath the Wreath posters and postcards!  Wohoo!
is trying to figure out something super amazing to do on her last two days off...
is so excited for Hageman's wedding!  My former roomie is all grownsd up.  :)
is going to a fraternity formal (not something I ever thought I'd say at the age of 27)
from the first day of school to the first Junior League meeting...busy day!
wishes she were in EL cheering on State rather than working on her thesis...
you know it was a good party when a Tasmanian Devil and Bumble Bee show up the next afternoon looking for their lost antennae...
is relaxing in Fremont with the fam.  Tomorrow it's off to the Driftwood & possibly KC's :)
wishes life was always as simple as it was in high school when my biggest decision was what to wear for yearbook pictures...
just turned in her Master's project and is finally done!!!
is enjoying the last day of holiday shopping at Beneath the Wreath!  11:00-3:00 today at the St. Nicholas Cultural Center.  www.juniorleaguegr.com
and *PROPNAME* are driving to the Florida Keys!!!!
just got an "A" on my six hour capstone exam for my Master's...yay!
is excited for Picnic Pops!  (*PROPNAME* = not so much)
Hello, FHS Class of 2000!  We are planning a 10 year reunion for this May//June.  If you have thoughts//suggestions then feel free to contact me or *PROPNAME*.  Thanks!
Congrats to *PROPNAME* on his wedding today and Go State!
made her first attempt at cooking bok choy...not sure there will ever be a second.
is missing Pokey Stix, *PROPNAME*'s, and everything about East Lansing!!  Go State!
Let's go State!
ran 19 miles today. Shower, a big glass of water, and then cleaning up the house.
is elated!
caught fireflies in a jar, am going to soak my feet in some piping hot water, and is just relaxing to Chopin and a good book.
back to my modified Russian tuning. It sounds so much more full.
Why is it that everyone else's musical tastes go forward and mine seem to switchback?
$500.00 for stitches?!
is extremely bored. Late night run to North and back.
Ai is coming to San Jose on Sept. 4th =D
Happy Lunar New Year, Chuc Mung Nam Moi, Xing Nian Kwai Le
